<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210331_10-K_edgar_data_946563_0001104659-21-044616.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9223803</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>280683</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>514487</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3730914</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2611226</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1793387</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-21-044616.hdr.sgml : 20210331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210331141728
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-21-044616
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000946563
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SURGICAL & MEDICAL INSTRUMENTS & APPARATUS [3841]
		IRS NUMBER:				752599762
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16465
		FILM NUMBER:		21792448

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 LOBO LANE
		CITY:			LITTLE ELM
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75068-0009
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722941010

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 LOBO LANE
		CITY:			LITTLE ELM
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75068-0009

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-21-044616.txt : 20210331

10-K
 1
 tm211029d1_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d)
OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
1934 

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission
file number 001-16465 

Retractable Technologies, Inc. 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

Texas 
 75-2599762 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

511 Lobo Lane 

Little Elm , Texas 
 75068-5295 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

972 - 294-1010 

 Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Common 
 RVP 
 NYSE American LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Preferred Stock 

 (Title of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit and post such files). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2020, was 121,416,123 , assuming a closing price of
 7.02 and outstanding shares held by non-affiliates of 17,295,744. 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 

Indicate by check mark
whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13, or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes 
No 

(APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 

Indicate the number of shares
outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. As of March 12, 2021, there
were 33,982,604 shares of our Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Portions of the registrant s
 Proxy Statement filed on an even date herewith for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 2021 are incorporated by reference
into Part III hereof. 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 FORM 10-K 

 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2020 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 8 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 8 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 9 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 9 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 9 
 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 11 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 11 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 16 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 17 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 17 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 17 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 18 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 18 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 18 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 18 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 18 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 18 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 20 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 21 

i 

PART I 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING 

Certain
statements included by reference in this filing containing the words could, may, believes, anticipates, 
 intends, expects, and similar such words constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act. Any forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the impact of COVID-19 on all facets
of logistics and operations, as well as costs, our ability to complete capital improvements and ramp up domestic production in response
to government agreements, potential tariffs, our ability to maintain liquidity, our maintenance of patent protection, our ability to maintain
favorable third party manufacturing and supplier arrangements and relationships, foreign trade risk, our ability to access the market,
production costs, the impact of larger market players, specifically Becton, Dickinson and Company BD ), in providing devices
to the safety market, and other factors referenced in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed
on forward-looking statements. 

Item 1. Business. 

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

General Development of Business 

Retractable Technologies,
Inc. was incorporated in Texas in 1994. Our business is the manufacturing and marketing of safety medical products (predominately syringes)
for the healthcare industry. Our syringes are used for vaccinations and our revenues for 2020 materially increased over prior years due
to demand during the COVID-19 pandemic. Our principal customer was the U.S. government which purchased products representing 39.0 31.6
million) of our revenues in 2020. We have manufacturing facilities in Little Elm, Texas and use manufacturers in China as well. We are
increasing our capacity for production at our U.S. manufacturing facility, funded in part by a grant by the U.S. government. 

Description of Business 

Our dominant revenue-generating
products are our injection devices (syringes and needles). Such products are marketed under the VanishPoint , Patient Safe ,
and EasyPoint brands. Other products which make up approximately 4.3 of our revenues include our blood collection devices
and IV catheters. We have only one reporting segment. Most of our products incorporate a feature whereby our needles retract which is
a safety feature designed to protect healthcare workers from needlestick injuries. Our VanishPoint 1mL syringes meet the
criteria set by pharmaceutical manufacturers for low dead space, which results in a reduction of wasted medication caused by residual
medication remaining in the syringe after a dose has been administered. In some instances, the low dead space allows for additional doses
to be obtained from a medication vial. 

In 2020, the U.S. government
was a significant customer due to efforts to vaccinate the U.S. population against COVID-19. On May 1, 2020, we received an order from
the Department of Health and Human Services to supply certain automated safety syringes through May 2021 for 83.8 million (the HHS
Order ), plus 10 million in expedited freight costs. As of December 31, 2020, we recorded sales of 31.6 million under the 2020
HHS Order, representing 39.0 of our overall revenues for 2020. In February 2021, we received a new contract from the Department of Health
and Human Services for additional safety syringes representing 54.2 million in expected revenues and reimbursable freight costs for a
five-month base period of performance (February 15, 2021 to July 14, 2021) with additional renewal periods available at the option of
the U.S. government. 

During 2020, we also continued
to provide products to our existing and new private healthcare customers. Our growth in sales in 2020 was predominantly driven by demand
for syringes for COVID-19 vaccines and flu vaccines. Meeting demand for COVID-19 vaccines will continue to be our primary focus for the
first half of 2021. As of December 31, 2020, our production and deliveries materially met or exceeded contract requirements despite the
significant increase in demand. 

1 

Our goal is to become a leading
provider of safety medical products. Our principal products were designed to protect healthcare workers, patients, and others from needlestick
injuries, cross-contamination through reuse, and reduce disposal costs. 

VanishPoint 
syringe sales have historically comprised most of our sales. VanishPoint syringe sales were 84.0 , 85.3 , and 84.0 of
our revenues in 2018, 2019, and 2020. EasyPoint products accounted for 11.8 of sales in 2020. 

We
currently have under development additional safety products that add to or build upon our current product line offering. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our primary focus over the last year has centered on providing existing products to meet demand related to COVID-19 vaccinations. 

Our products are sold to and
used by healthcare providers primarily in the U.S. (with 9.8 of revenues in 2020 generated from sales outside the U.S.). 

In years not dominated by
direct sales to the U.S. government, representatives of group purchasing organizations GPOs and purchasing representatives
(rather than the end-users of the product) make the vast majority of decisions relating to the purchase of medical supplies. The GPOs
and larger manufacturers often enter into contracts which can prohibit or limit entry in the marketplace by competitors. 

We distribute our products
throughout the U.S. through general line and specialty distributors. We also use international distributors. We have developed a national
direct marketing network in order to market our products to health care customers and their purchaser representatives. 

Sources and Availability of Raw Materials 

Our product components, including
needle adhesives and packaging materials, are purchased from various suppliers. There is no current scarcity of such materials or such
suppliers. 

Intellectual Property 

Intellectual property rights,
particularly patent rights, are material to our business. The patent rights are jointly owned by the Company and Thomas J. Shaw, our founder
and CEO, and have varying expiration dates. Under the terms of an exclusive license agreement that has been in effect since 1995, the
Company is exclusively licensed to use the patent rights held by Mr. Shaw, and Mr. Shaw generally receives a five percent (5 royalty
on gross sales of products subject to the license and he receives fifty percent (50 of the royalties paid to the Company by certain
sublicensees of the technology subject to the license. 

Recent and expected modifications
to our VanishPoint syringes will effectively cause the modified VanishPoint syringes products to have
extended patent expiration dates. Following the expiration of patents related to the old design, competitors may attempt to copy aspects
of such prior design, but not the current design. Patents related to recent modifications to the VanishPoint syringes
and core technology of the VanishPoint syringes will expire during the years 2028 through 2032. Other patent applications
covering inventions applicable to the VanishPoint syringes are pending. 

The Company has unexpired
patents which relate to the EasyPoint technology and other products as well. 

The Company has registered
the following trade names and trademarks for our products: VanishPoint , EasyPoint , Patient Safe ,
VanishPoint logos, RT and design, the VanishPoint and design, the spot design and the Company slogans
 The New Standard for Safety and We Make Safety Safe . 

2 

Seasonality 

Historically, unit sales have
increased during the flu season. We cannot determine what percent of our increase in domestic sales (excluding the HHS Order) in the second
half of 2020 were attributable to flu shots versus preparation for a COVID-19 vaccine. 

Dependence on Customers 

Although our business has
historically derived significant percentages of its revenues from a few customers, we do not believe that the loss of any one of these
customers would have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Government Contracts 

In 2020, we entered into a
material contract with the U.S. government providing a significant grant and accepted the HHS Order under an existing contract for the
sale of syringes. In February 2021, we and the Department of Health and Human Services entered into a new contract and it placed another
material order with us for syringes. All such contracts may be terminated by the U.S. government but given current conditions with COVID-19,
we do not believe termination (or renegotiation) is likely. 

Government Approval and Government Regulations 

The development, manufacture,
marketing, sale, promotion, and distribution of our products are subject to government regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) and similar international regulatory agencies. Regulation by various international, federal and state agencies address the development
and approval to market medical products, as well as approval and supervision of manufacturing, labeling, packaging, supply chains, distribution
and record-keeping. 

For all products manufactured
for sale in the domestic market, we have given notice of intent to market to the FDA, and the devices were shown to be substantially equivalent
to the predicate devices for the stated intended use. For all products manufactured for sale in the domestic market and foreign market,
we hold a Quality Management System certification to ISO 13485:2016. Additionally, for all products manufactured for sale into the applicable
countries, we hold a Quality Management System certification in compliance with the Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP). For all
products manufactured for sale into European Union countries, we hold a Full Quality Assurance System certification to Directive 93/42/EEC
Annex II (excluding section 4). All of these certifications are issued by our notified body, BSI, and are reviewed annually. 

Compliance with domestic and
international laws and regulations may affect our business. Among other effects, health care regulations and significant changes thereto
may substantially increase the time, difficulty, and costs incurred in developing, obtaining, and maintaining approval to market, and
marketing newly developed and existing products. We expect this regulatory environment will continue to require effort and investment
to ensure compliance. Failure to comply could delay the release of a new product or result in regulatory and enforcement actions, the
seizure or recall of a product, the suspension or revocation of the authority necessary for a product s production and sale, and
other civil or criminal sanctions including fines and penalties. 

The regulation of data privacy
and security, and the protection of the confidentiality of certain personal information (including patient health information, financial
information, and other sensitive personal information), is increasing. For example, the European Union, various other countries, and various
U.S. states (e.g., California) have enacted stricter data protection laws that contain enhanced financial penalties for noncompliance.
Similarly, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has issued rules governing the use, disclosure, and security of protected
health information, and the FDA has issued further guidance concerning cybersecurity for medical devices. In addition, certain countries
have issued or are considering data localization laws, which limit companies ability to transfer protected data across
country borders. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations can result in business disruption and enforcement
actions, which could include civil or criminal penalties. 

The sale of medical products
is subject to laws and regulations pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including state and federal anti-kickback, anti-self-referral,
and false claims laws in the United States. 

3 

We will continue to comply
with applicable regulations of all countries in which our products are registered for sale. 

In a typical year, the cost
of compliance with government regulations does not have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position
(as measured against other U.S. entities). We believe that we do not incur material costs in connection with compliance with environmental
laws. 

Competitive Conditions 

Major domestic competitors
include BD and Medtronic Minimally Invasive Therapies Medtronic, formerly known as Covidien). Terumo Medical Corp., Smiths
Medical, and B Braun are additional competitors with smaller market shares. BD and Medtronic have controlling U.S. market share; greater
financial resources; larger and more established sales, marketing, and distribution organizations; and greater market influence, including
long-term and/or exclusive contracts. Additionally, BD may be able to use its resources to improve its products through research or acquisitions
or develop new products which may compete with our products. 

We compete primarily on the
basis of healthcare worker and patient safety, product performance, and quality. We believe our competitive advantages include, but are
not limited to, our leadership in quality and innovation. We believe our products continue to be the most effective safety devices in
today s market. Our VanishPoint 1mL syringes meet the criteria set by pharmaceutical manufacturers for low dead
space, which results in a reduction of wasted medication caused by residual medication remaining in the syringe after a dose has been
administered. In some instances, the low dead space allows for additional doses to be obtained from a medication vial. Our syringe products
include passive safety activation, require less disposal space, and are activated while in the patient, reducing exposure to the contaminated
needle. Our price per unit is competitive or even lower than the competition once all the costs incurred during the life cycle of a syringe
are considered. Such life cycle costs include disposal costs, testing and treatment costs for needlestick injuries, and treatment for
contracted illnesses resulting from needlestick injuries. 

EasyPoint 
retractable needles offer unique safety benefits not found in other commercially available safety needles. Manually activated safety
needles that compete with EasyPoint must be removed from the patient, exposing the contaminated needle prior to activation
of the manual safety mechanism. EasyPoint needles allow for activation of the automated retraction mechanism while
the needle is still in the patient, reducing exposure to the contaminated needle and effectively reducing the risk of needlestick injuries. 
EasyPoint retractable needles are compatible with Luer-fitting syringes, including pre-filled syringes. In addition,
EasyPoint retractable needles may be activated with fluid in the syringe, making it applicable for aspiration procedures
such as blood collection. 

Employees 

As of March 9, 2021, we had
182 employees. 178 of such employees were full time employees. We provide equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants
for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, marital status, ancestry, veteran status,
workers compensation status or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, or local law. We have adopted a policy of
zero tolerance for any form of unlawful discrimination or retaliation. 

Available Information 

We make available, free of
charge on our website (www.retractable.com), our Form 10-K Annual Report and Form 10-Q Quarterly Reports and Current Reports on Form 8-K
(and any amendments to such reports) as soon as reasonably practical after such reports are filed. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

You should carefully consider
the following material risks facing us. If any of these risks occur, our business, results of operations, or financial condition could
be materially affected. 

4 

We Are Challenged by Uncertainties in Obtaining
and Enforcing Intellectual Property Rights 

Our main competitive strength
is our technology. We are dependent on patent rights, and if the patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, our business would be
adversely affected. Patent protection is considered, in the aggregate, to be of material importance in the design, development, and marketing
of our products. 

VanishPoint 
syringes comprised 84.0 of sales in 2020. When the patents of the VanishPoint syringes and other products expire,
we may experience a significant and rapid loss of sales, and our competitive position in the marketplace may weaken if other competitors
use our technology. Such occurrences could have a material adverse effect on profitability. 

We do not maintain patent
or trademark protection in all foreign countries, but, where possible, have taken steps to protect our patents and trademarks in those
countries where we market our products or where we believe other manufacturers are most likely to attempt to replicate our technology.
Our lack of patent and trademark protection in certain foreign countries heightens the risk that our designs may be copied by a competitor
in those countries. 

We Are Vulnerable to New Technologies 

Because we have a narrow focus
on particular product lines and technology (currently, predominantly retractable needle products), we are vulnerable to the development
of superior competing products and to changes in technology which could eliminate or reduce the need for our products. If a superior technology
is created, the demand for our products could greatly diminish. 

Our Competitors Have Greater Resources 

Our competitors have greater
financial resources, larger and more established sales and marketing and distribution organizations, and greater market influence, including
long-term contracts. These competitors may be able to use these resources to improve their products through research and acquisitions
or develop new products, which may compete more effectively with our products. If our competitors choose to use their resources to create
products superior to ours, we may be unable to sell our products and our ability to continue operations would be weakened. 

Operations May Be Affected by Foreign Trade
Policy 

We are subject to risks associated
with foreign trade policy. In 2020, we used Chinese manufacturers to produce 85.2 of our products. We are currently working to expand
our U.S. manufacturing facility, however. 

In the event that we become
unable to purchase such product from our Chinese manufacturers, we would need to find an alternate manufacturer for the blood collection
set, IV catheter, Patient Safe syringe, 0.5mL insulin syringe, 0.5mL autodisable syringe, and 2mL, 5mL, and 10mL syringes
and we would increase domestic production for the 1mL and 3mL syringes. Even with increased domestic production, we may not be able to
avoid a disruption in supply. 

Trade protection measures,
including tariffs, and/or changes to import or export requirements could materially adversely impact our operations. We cannot predict
the impact of potential changes to U.S. foreign trade policy. Additionally, we derive 9.8 of our revenues from international sales. International
sales, particularly in emerging market countries, are further subject to a variety of regulatory, economic, and political risks as well. 

We Are Controlled by One Shareholder 

Thomas J. Shaw, our President
and Chief Executive Officer, has investment or voting power over a total of 46.1 of the outstanding Common Stock as of March 12, 2021.
Mr. Shaw therefore has the ability to direct our operations and financial affairs and significant influence to elect members of our Board
of Directors. His interests may not always coincide with the Company s interests or the interests of other stockholders. This concentration
of ownership, for example, may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control, impeding a merger, consolidation,
takeover, or other business combination involving us, or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting
to obtain control of us, which in turn could materially adversely affect 

5 

the market price
of our Common Stock. Mr. Shaw s rights under the Technology License Agreement, as the owner of the technology we produce, present
similar conflicts of interest. 

Our Stock Has Recently Experienced Significant
Price Fluctuation 

Our stock price experienced
significant fluctuation during 2020 and may continue to be unpredictable. Our stock price fluctuated in 2020 from a low price in January
of 1.36 per share to a high in December of 15.79 per share. As of March 12, 2021, the stock price was 13.65 per share. We expect that
the overall increase is connected with our recent orders from the Department of Health and Human Services and the Technology Investment
Agreement, a contract with the U.S. government described in Item 2 of this report TIA ). We do not have assurance that the
TIA will translate into increased sales of our products. Additionally, the products sold to the Department of Health and Human Services
will be used in connection with administering a vaccine for COVID-19. We cannot predict our sales volumes if the country slows its immunization
efforts. 

Challenges from the Significant Orders 

In
2020, the U.S. government was a significant customer representing 39.0 31.6 million) of our net sales. With additional 2021
deliveries under the HHS Order plus the new February 2021 contract from the U.S. government, the U.S. government will likely continue
to be a materially significant customer in 2021. This presents unusual challenges to our business. Our 2021 performance under these orders
will be somewhat dependent upon our timely completion of expansions to our facility and machinery, which we cannot guarantee will occur
according to schedule. Moreover, in light of the government s significant volume requirements, we may not be able to maintain our
usual service levels to our existing customers. However, during 2020, we not only fulfilled obligations under the government s order,
but we also increased delivery volumes to existing customers. 

We Face Inherent Product Liability Risks 

As a manufacturer and provider
of safety needle products, we face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims. Additionally, our success depends
on the quality, reliability, and safety of our products and defects in our products could damage our reputation. If a product liability
claim is made and damages are in excess of our product liability coverage, our competitive position could be weakened by the amount of
money we could be required to pay to compensate those injured by our products. In the event of a recall, we have recall insurance. 

Our Business May Be Affected by Changes in
the Health Care Regulatory Environment 

In the U.S. and internationally,
government authorities may enact changes in regulatory requirements, reform existing reimbursement programs, and/or make changes to patient
access to health care, all of which could adversely affect the demand for our products and/or put downward pressure on our prices. Future
healthcare rulemaking could affect our business. We cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking or changes in the law. 

We May Experience Losses in Our Investment
Account 

Our investment portfolio is
subject to market risk. As a result, the value and liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could fluctuate substantially.
Likewise, our other income and expenses could vary materially depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of investments
and other factors. Increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty could increase the risk that actual
amounts realized on our investments may differ from the fair values currently assigned to them. Because 31.5 of our liquid assets are
invested in the market, fluctuations in market values could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results
of operations, or cash flows. 

Health Crises Could Have an Adverse Effect
on Our Business 

Particularly during 2020,
several states and local jurisdictions imposed, and others in the future may impose, shelter-in-place orders, quarantines,
executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. Although our manufacturing
facility has continued to operate during the 2020-2021 COVID-19 pandemic due to its status as an essential business, we continue to monitor
the evolving 

6 

situation and cannot
guarantee that the situation would be the same for any future pandemic. In the future, we may elect or be required to close temporarily
which would result in a disruption in our activities and operations. Our supply chain, including transportation channels, may be impacted
by any such restrictions as well. Any such disruption could impact our sales and operating results. 

Widespread health crises also
negatively affect economies which could affect demand for our products. With a new contract in place for 2021 sales directly to the U.S.
government, our risk is somewhat mitigated for the 2021 year. However, in the event of a resurgence of this disease or in the case of
any future pandemic, there is no guarantee that revenues from syringes needed for vaccines would offset the effects to our business of
a global economic decline. 

Health systems and other healthcare
providers in our markets that provide procedures that use our products have suffered financially and operationally and may not be able
to return to pre-pandemic levels of operations. Travel and import restrictions may also disrupt our ability to manufacture or distribute
our devices. Any import or export or other cargo restrictions related to our products or the raw materials used to manufacture our products
could restrict our ability to manufacture and ship products and harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Our key personnel and other
employees could still be affected by COVID-19 or any future pandemic, which could affect our ability to operate efficiently. In addition,
the conduct of clinical trials and/or regulatory reviews of our new products may continue to be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and
would be affected in any future pandemic. Our sales and marketing personnel often rely on in-person and onsite access to healthcare providers
which is currently restricted as hospitals are still not operating at pre-pandemic levels. 

Disruption of Critical Information Systems
or Material Breaches in the Security of Our Systems Could Harm Our Business, Customer Relations, and Financial Condition 

Information technology helps
us operate efficiently, interface with customers and suppliers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our
financial statements. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology
infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or
the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. If our data management systems do not effectively collect, store,
process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies,
or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations
will be impaired, perhaps materially. Any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations,
cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. Third parties may attempt to fraudulently
induce employees or customers into sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. In addition,
unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our systems to obtain our confidential or proprietary information or confidential information
we hold on behalf of third parties. If the unauthorized persons successfully hack into or interfere with our system, we may experience
a negative impact to our business and reputation. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents,
and we make ongoing improvements to our systems in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards.
However, we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when and if they occur. We also rely on external
vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. The systems of these external vendors may contain
defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security of our own systems, and we
are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems. It is possible for such vulnerabilities
to remain undetected for an extended period, including several years or longer. The costs to us to eliminate or alleviate network security
problems, bugs, viruses, worms, ransomware and other malicious software programs, and security vulnerabilities could be significant. Our
efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, and
harm to our business operations. Depending on the type of breach, we could also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential
liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 

7 

Illegal Distribution and Sale by Third Parties
of Counterfeit Versions of Our Products Could Have A Negative Impact 

Third parties may illegally
distribute and sell counterfeit versions of our products which do not meet our rigorous manufacturing and testing standards. Our reputation
and business could suffer harm as a result. In addition, diversion of products into other channels may result in reduced revenues. 

We Are Subject to Various Risks Related To The PPP Loan. 

Under
our promissory note in favor of Independent Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP Loan ), we will
be required to repay any portion of the outstanding principal that is not forgiven, along with accrued interest, and we cannot provide
any assurance that we will be eligible for loan forgiveness or that any amount of the PPP Loan will ultimately be forgiven by the SBA.
There can be no assurance that we will be eligible or able to take advantage of certain of the changes under the PPP Flexibility Act.
The PPP Loan application required us to certify, among other things, that the current economic uncertainty made the PPP Loan request necessary
to support our ongoing operations. While we made this certification in good faith after analyzing, among other things, our financial situation
and access to alternative forms of capital, and believe that we satisfied all eligibility criteria for the PPP Loan and that our receipt
of the PPP Loan is consistent with the broad objectives of the PPP of the CARES Act, the certification described above does not contain
any objective criteria and is subject to interpretation. In addition, the SBA has stated that it is unlikely that a public company with
substantial market value and access to capital markets will be able to make the required certification in good faith. The lack of clarity
regarding loan eligibility under the Paycheck Protection Program has resulted in significant media coverage and controversy with respect
to public companies applying for and receiving loans. If, despite our good faith belief that we satisfied all eligibility requirements
for the PPP Loan, we are found to have been ineligible to receive the PPP Loan or in violation of any of the laws or governmental regulations
that apply to us in connection with the PPP Loan, including the False Claims Act, we may be subject to administrative penalties and could
be required to repay the PPP Loan. Our request for loan forgiveness remains subject to audit and review by governmental entities. 

General Risk Factors 

We face risk factors common
to other U.S. businesses. We could be subject to complex and costly regulation. Our business could suffer if we or our suppliers encounter
manufacturing problems or disruptions to transportation channels. We could be subject to risks associated with doing business outside
of the U.S, including risks associated with global economic, regulatory, or political changes, or health crises. Current or worsening
economic conditions may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable and none. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our headquarters are located
at 511 Lobo Lane, on 35 acres, which we own, overlooking Lake Lewisville in Little Elm, Texas. The headquarters are in good condition
and houses our administrative offices and manufacturing facility. The manufacturing facility produced approximately 14.8 of the units
that were manufactured in 2020. In the event that we become unable to purchase product from our Chinese manufacturers, we would need to
find an alternate manufacturer for the blood collection set, IV catheter, Patient Safe syringe, 0.5mL insulin syringe,
0.5mL autodisable syringe, and 2mL, 5mL, and 10mL syringes and we would increase domestic production for the 1mL and 3mL syringes. The
5mL and 10mL syringes are sold principally in the international market. 

A loan in the original principal
amount of approximately 4,210,000 is secured by our land and buildings. See Note 8 to our financial statements for more information. 

In the opinion of Management,
the property and equipment are suitable for their intended use and are adequately covered by an insurance policy. 

8 

Effective
July 1, 2020, we entered into a Technology Investment Agreement TIA with the United States Government Department of Defense,
U.S. Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground, Natick Contracting Division Edgewood Contracting Division (ACC-APG, NCD 
ECD) on behalf of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) for 53,664,286 in government funding for expanding
our domestic production of needles and syringes. Pursuant to the terms of the TIA, we are expecting to make significant additions to our
facilities which should allow us to increase domestic production. We have substantially completed construction of new controlled environment
facilities and have begun construction of additional warehousing facilities which should be completed within the second quarter of 2021.
The estimated cost of the controlled environment within existing properties is 6.4 million, and construction of the new warehouse is
estimated to be 5.8 million. The cost of the controlled environment will be funded by the U.S. government under the TIA, while the cost
of the new warehouse will be our financial obligation. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

Please refer to Note 10 to
the financial statements for a complete description of all legal proceedings. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

MARKET INFORMATION 

Our Common Stock has been
listed on the NYSE American (or its predecessor entities) under the symbol RVP since May 4, 2001. 

SHAREHOLDERS 

As of March 12, 2021, there
were 33,982,604 shares of Common Stock held by 184 shareholders of record, not including Cede Co. participants or beneficial owners
thereof. 

DIVIDENDS 

We have not ever declared
or paid any dividends on the Common Stock. We have no current plans to pay any cash dividends on the Common Stock. Dividends on Common
Stock cannot be paid so long as preferred dividends are unpaid. As of December 31, 2020, there was an aggregate of 5.0 million in preferred
dividends in arrears. As of December 31, 2019, there was an aggregate of 12.3 million in preferred dividends in arrears. 

EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 

The following table sets forth
information relating to our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2020: 

9 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) 
 
 Plan category 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 199,450 
 2.05 

Total 
 199,450 
 2.05 

Stock
Performance Graph 

The following graph compares
the cumulative total return for our Common Stock (RVP) from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2020, to the total returns for the Russell
Microcap and Becton, Dickinson and Company (or BDX ), a peer issuer. The graph assumes an investment of 100
in the aforementioned equities as of December 31, 2015, and that all dividends are reinvested. 

UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

In addition to the transactions
disclosed previously in Item 2 of Part II of the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, in October 2020, we purchased a total of 30,000 shares
of Series IV Preferred Stock and 25,000 shares of Series V Preferred Stock from six shareholders in exchange for a total of 400,000 (of
which 303,330 is to be paid over a three-year period beginning February 2021) and 110,000 shares of Common Stock. Such preferred shareholders
agreed to waive all unpaid dividends in arrears associated with their Preferred Stock, which resulted in a waiver of a total of 757,759
in unpaid dividends in arrears. 

In
December 2020, we purchased a total of 20,000 shares of Series III Preferred Stock, 5,000 shares of Series IV Preferred Stock,
and 9,000 shares of Series V Preferred Stock from five shareholders in exchange for a total of 286,000 and 34,000 shares of Common Stock.
Such preferred shareholders agreed to waive all unpaid dividends in arrears associated with their Preferred Stock, which resulted in a
wavier of a total of 592,892 in unpaid dividends. 

We are relying on Section
3(a)(9) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act to exempt the foregoing transactions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act. 

10 

PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS 

Purchases by affiliate(s)
during 2020 were not repurchases by or on behalf of the issuer. 

ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Period 
 Total 
Number of 
Shares 
 Average Price 
 Paid Per 
Share 
 Total Number of 
Shares Purchased as 
 Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 Maximum Number of 
Shares that May Yet Be 
 Purchased Under the 
Plans or Programs 
 
 December 31, 2020 (1) 
 14,300 
 7.50 (2) 
 14,300 
 0 

(1) On November 24, 2020, we delivered to holders
of Class B Series I Preferred Stock a Notice of Redemption notifying such preferred shareholders that, pursuant to the Certificate of
Designation for the Series I Preferred Stock, we determined to redeem all Series I Preferred Stock. The redemption date was December 31,
2020. The redemption was publicly announced on Form 8-K on December 1, 2020. 

(2) Not all Series I Preferred Shareholders have
submitted adequate documentation to receive the redemption payments. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not required. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT WARNING 

Certain
statements included by reference in this filing containing the words could, may, believes, anticipates, 
 intends, expects, and similar such words constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act. Any forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that
may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, among others, the impact of COVID-19 on all facets
of logistics and operations, as well as costs, our ability to complete capital improvements and ramp up domestic production in response
to government agreements, potential tariffs, our ability to maintain liquidity, our maintenance of patent protection, our ability to maintain
favorable third party manufacturing and supplier arrangements and relationships, foreign trade risk, our ability to access the market,
production costs, the impact of larger market players, specifically Becton, Dickinson and Company BD ), in providing devices
to the safety market, and other factors referenced in Item 1A. Risk Factors. Given these uncertainties, undue reliance should not
be placed on forward-looking statements. 

Overview 

We
have been manufacturing and marketing our products since 1997. VanishPoint syringes comprised 84.0 of our sales in 2020.
 EasyPoint products accounted for 11.8 of sales in 2020. We also manufacture and market a blood collection tube
holder, IV safety catheter, and VanishPoint Blood Collection Set. 

Our products have been and
continue to be distributed nationally and internationally through numerous distributors. 

On
May 1, 2020, we were awarded the HHS Order under an existing contract by the Department of Health and Human Services of the United States
to supply automated retraction safety syringes for COVID-19 vaccination efforts, which order was in the amount of 83.8 million plus
 10 million in expedited freight costs. As of December 31, 2020, we recorded sales of 31.6 million under the 2020 HHS Order, representing
39.0 of our overall revenues 

11 

for 2020, and we
expect the remaining sales under the HHS Order in 2021. During 2020 and through March 2021, we have timely completed our delivery obligations
under the HHS Order. 

The
Department of Health and Human Services awarded us another contract on February 12, 2021 to supply low dead space safety syringes for
COVID-19 vaccination efforts. The base price for the contract and purchase order is 54,217,800 for the five-month base period
of performance (February 15, 2021 to July 14, 2021). Such price includes both the fixed price for the products as well as cost reimbursement
for freight. The terms of the contract allow for extensions at the option of the U.S. government for up to seven additional one-month
periods. If all option periods are exercised, the value of the contract could increase by an additional 92,772,680, including the price
of the products and freight reimbursement. For each period, the freight cost is estimated at approximately 25 of the overall price. 

Effective July 1, 2020, we
entered into the TIA with the United States Government Department of Defense, U.S. Army Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground, Natick
Contracting Division Edgewood Contracting Division (ACC-APG, NCD ECD) on behalf of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development
Authority (BARDA) for 53,664,286 in government funding for expanding our domestic production of needles and syringes. Pursuant to the
terms of the TIA, we are expecting to make significant additions to our facilities which should allow us to increase domestic production.
Additionally, the TIA provides for reimbursement for equipment and supplies. As of early March 2021, we have negotiated contracts for
the purchase of automated assembly equipment, molds, and molding equipment, as well as portions of auxiliary equipment, for approximately
 42.1 million. As of March 2021, we have substantially completed construction of expanded facilities consisting of approximately 27,800
square feet of additional controlled environment within existing properties and we expect to complete approximately 55,000 square feet
of new warehouse space within the second quarter of 2021. The estimated cost of the controlled environment within existing properties
is 6.4 million. The increase from the original 6 million estimate is due to change orders and an expedited completion date in order
to receive certain manufacturing equipment at an earlier date. The cost of the controlled environment will be funded by the U.S. government
under the TIA, while the cost of the new warehouse will be our financial obligation. 

Both of the abovementioned
orders from the Department of Health and Human Services as well as the TIA from the U.S. government are material events particular to
the COVID-19 pandemic and may not be indicative of future operations. While the addition of manufacturing equipment and facilities will
greatly increase our production capacity, we cannot be assured that there will be increased demand for our products once orders from the
U.S. government have been filled. If future orders are not placed by the U.S. government and orders from new and existing customers do
not materialize, we would have significant excess productive capabilities. 

On
April 17, 2020, we entered into the PPP Loan in the principal amount of 1,363,000 in favor of Independent Bank pursuant to the Paycheck
Protection Program (the PPP of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, administered by the U.S. Small Business
Administration SBA ). The PPP Loan s original maturity date is April 17, 2022 and bears interest at a rate
of 1.0 per annum. We have applied for forgiveness for the entirety of the loan granted under the PPP. We cannot be certain of the amount,
if any, which may be forgiven. 

As
detailed in Note 4 to the financial statements, we held 8.1 million in debt and equity securities as of December 31, 2020, which represented
11.6 of our current assets. We continually monitor our invested balances. 

During 2020, we hired 48 new
full-time employees, predominantly as production line workers, and terminated several back office employees. We also moderately increased
non-executive pay. The net effect of these actions caused a net increase of approximately 1.8 million in our operating expenses for 2020
as compared to 2019. 

Historically, unit sales have
increased during the flu season. We cannot determine what percent of our increase in domestic sales (excluding the HHS Order) in the second
half of 2020 were attributable to flu shots versus preparation for a COVID-19 vaccine. 

Product purchases from our
Chinese manufacturers have enabled us to increase manufacturing capacity with little capital outlay and have provided a competitive manufacturing
cost. In 2020, our Chinese manufacturers produced approximately 85.2 of our products. In the event that we become unable to purchase
products from our Chinese manufacturers, we would need to find an alternate manufacturer for the blood collection set, IV catheter, 

12 

Patient Safe syringe, 0.5mL insulin
syringe, 0.5mL autodisable syringe, and 2mL, 5mL, and 10mL syringes and we would increase domestic production for the 1mL and 3mL syringes
and EasyPoint needles. 

In
1995, we entered into a license agreement with Thomas J. Shaw for the exclusive right to manufacture, market, and distribute products
utilizing his patented automated retraction technology and other patented technology. This technology is the subject of various patents
and patent applications owned by Mr. Shaw. The license agreement generally provides for quarterly payments of a 5 royalty fee on gross
sales of products subject to the license and he receives fifty percent (50 of the royalties paid to the Company by certain sublicensees
of the technology subject to the license. 

With increased volumes, our
manufacturing unit costs have generally tended to decline. Factors that could affect our unit costs include increases in costs by third
party manufacturers, changing production volumes, costs of petroleum products, and transportation costs. Increases in such costs may not
be recoverable through price increases of our products. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion contains
trend information and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our actual future results could
differ materially from our historical results of operations and those discussed in the forward-looking statements. All period references
are to our fiscal years ended December 2020 and 2019. Dollar amounts have been rounded for ease of reading. 

Comparison of Year Ended 

 December 31, 2020 and Year Ended December 31,
2019 

Domestic sales, including
sales to the U.S. government, accounted for 90.2 and 76.3 of the revenues in 2020 and 2019, respectively. Domestic revenues increased
131.4 principally due to increased volumes. Domestic unit sales increased 120.0 . Domestic unit sales were 85.9 of total unit sales
for 2020. Domestic unit sales excluding the HHS Order rose approximately 36.4 . International revenues decreased 18.6 representing a
return to normal levels after unusually high volumes in 2019. Our international orders may be subject to significant fluctuation over
time. Overall unit sales increased 74.0 . Other than the Department of Health and Human Services, our increased sales are predominantly
attributable to existing customers as well as several new smaller customers who do not operate as distributors. Our sales under the HHS
Order were approximately 31.6 million in 2020 and we expect the remaining sales under the HHS Order in 2021, as well as orders of at
least 54.2 million under the new February 2021 contract. 

Cost of manufactured product
increased 62.7 principally due to an increase in units sold. Royalty expense increased 58.7 due to increased gross sales. Gross profit
margins increased from 33.8 in 2019 to 45.2 in 2020 principally due to an overall increase in sales. 

Operating expenses increased
15.9 from the prior year due substantially to increased headcount and other employee-related expenses attributable to a larger volume
of orders and the expansion activities required by the TIA. 

Income from operations was
 24.1 million in 2020 compared to income from operations of 3.0 million in 2019 due to the increase in net revenues and resulting gross
profit. 

Interest and other income
increased 1.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 compared to the same period last year principally due unrealized gains from
our investments. 

For the year ended December
31, 2020, we recorded a provision for income taxes of 1,850,234. For a detailed description of the determination and components of calculating
the provision, please refer to Note 11 of the financial statements. 

During 2020, we engaged
in private purchase agreements to purchase shares of outstanding preferred stock in exchange for cash consideration and the issuance
of new common stock. We repurchased a total of 22,500 shares of Series III Class B Convertible Preferred Stock, 342,500 shares of
Series IV Class B Convertible Preferred Stock, 

13 

and 34,000 shares of Series V Class B Convertible Preferred Stock. The aggregate cash
consideration equaled 3,786,000, of which 482,670 was paid in 2020 with the remainder payable over a three-year period beginning
in February 2021. The aggregate consideration was 754,000 shares of Common Stock. As a result of the transactions, 7,642,049 in
unpaid dividends were waived by the shareholders, as measured from the effective date of the transactions. In connection with the
transactions, the difference between the fair value of the consideration transferred to the preferred shareholders and the carrying
amount of the preferred stock was added to net income available to common shareholders as a deemed capital contribution for the
purpose of the calculation of earnings per share. As a result of the described transactions, a total of 2,975,708 was included in
the calculation of Income (loss) applicable to common stockholders. Amounts payable as the result of our
purchase of preferred stock also comprises a portion of the long-term liabilities set forth on our Balance Sheets. As further
discussed in Note 9 of the financial statements, the long-term liabilities of 24,478,697 also includes amounts related to
reimbursements from the U.S. government in connection with the TIA. 

A comparison of the results
of operations for the years ended December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 is omitted from this discussion. Such comparison was included
in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 30, 2020 in Item 7 of Part II thereof. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Discussion of Statement of Cash Flow Items 

Cash flow from operations
was 19.0 million in 2020, principally due to our net income for the year. The increase in cash was offset by an increase in accounts
receivable, largely driven by the HHS Order. There was also an increase in inventory. Additionally, we have recorded a deferred tax asset
of 4,631,206 which is material to the adjustments to total cash flow from operations. The deferred tax asset represents amounts available
to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. The determination and calculation of such asset is further discussed
in Note 11 of the financial statements. 

Cash used by investing activities
was 19.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 due primarily to the purchase of property, plant and equipment, but offset by the
net proceeds from the sales and purchases of debt and equity securities. The 21.0 million impact to cash from the purchase of such fixed
assets reflects down payments on orders for certain assets detailed in this report in connection with the TIA. 

Cash provided by financing
activities was 12.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to the proceeds from the PPP Loan, proceeds
from the exercise of stock options, and proceeds from the government under the TIA for down payments on our orders for fixed assets. 

Historical Sources of Liquidity 

We have historically funded
operations primarily from the proceeds from revenues, private placements, litigation settlements, and loans. 

Internal Sources of Liquidity 

Margins 

The mix of domestic and international
sales affects the average sales price of our products. Generally, the higher the ratio of domestic sales to international sales, the higher
the average sales price will be. Some international sales of our products are shipped directly from China to the customer. The number
of units produced by us versus manufactured in China can have a significant effect on the carrying costs of Inventory as well as Cost
of sales. Additionally, the effect of an overall increase in units sold also has a positive effect on margins. We will continue to evaluate
the appropriate mix of products manufactured domestically and those manufactured in China to achieve economic benefits as well as to maintain
our domestic manufacturing capability. 

14 

Cash Requirements 

We have sufficient cash reserves,
received a PPP Loan, and have begun to realize income from operations. We also have access to our investments which may be liquidated
in the event that we need to access the funds for operations. 

Contracts with the U.S. Government 

As discussed above, we were
awarded a material delivery order by the Department of Health and Human Services of the United States in the total amount of approximately
 83.8 million, plus certain expedited freight expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2020, our sales under this HHS Order were approximately
 31.6 million and we expect such sales to increase each quarter through May 2021. In February 2021, we received a new contract from the
Department of Health and Human Services for additional safety syringes representing 54.2 million in expected revenues and reimbursable
freight costs for a five-month base period of performance (February 15, 2021 to July 14, 2021) with additional renewal periods available
at the option of the U.S. government. 

As discussed above, we entered
into a TIA with the U.S. government for approximately 53.7 million in government funding for expanding our domestic production of needles
and syringes. As of December 31, 2020, we have received approximately 10.7 million for down payments on the purchase of certain fixed
assets. Pursuant to the terms of the TIA, we have begun making significant additions to our facilities which should allow us to increase
domestic production. We have substantially completed construction of new controlled environment facilities and we have begun construction
of warehousing facilities which are expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2021. While a portion of the planned construction
will be funded by the U.S. government, we expect to fund the construction of the new warehouse and expect the cost to be approximately
 5.8 million. Through December 31, 2020, have paid a total of approximately 320,000 in progress payments for the new warehouse. 

Option Exercises 

Stock options were exercised
by our employees and directors during 2020, and, consequently, we received approximately 923 thousand to exercise such options. 

External Sources of Liquidity 

We
recently received a PPP Loan, as described above, in the principal amount of 1,363,000. We have applied for forgiveness of this
loan but we cannot be certain of the amount, if any, which may be forgiven. 

It is unlikely we would choose
to raise funds by the public sale of equity despite recent increases in the value of our stock. Our stock price increased materially during
2020 and during the first several months of 2021. 

We consider our investment
portfolio a source of liquidity as well. For example, in the third quarter of 2020, we liquidated approximately 4.0 million from our
investment portfolio for operational needs. As of December 31, 2020, 8.1 million was invested in third party securities. 

Capital Resources 

Since
the execution of the TIA on July 1, 2020, we have begun construction for significant expansion to our facilities. As of March
2021, we have substantially completed construction of expanded facilities consisting of approximately 27,800 square feet of
additional controlled environment within existing properties and we expect to complete approximately 55,000 square feet of new
warehouse space within the second quarter of 2021. The estimated cost of the controlled environment within existing properties is
 6.4 million. The increase from the original 6 million estimate is due to change orders and an expedited completion date in order
to receive certain manufacturing equipment at an earlier date. As of early March 2021, we have negotiated contracts for the purchase
of automated assembly equipment, molds, and molding equipment, as well as portions of auxiliary equipment, for approximately 42.1
million. To fund the purchase of the automated assembly equipment, auxiliary equipment, and construction of the controlled
environment, we are reimbursed by the U.S. government according to the terms in the TIA. The TIA also 

15 

allows us to request an
advance of funds for larger purchases when necessary. The expenditures which are not reimbursable from the U.S. government under the
TIA are funded with cash from operations. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

None. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 

We are responsible for developing
estimates for amounts reported as assets and liabilities, and revenues and expenses in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles GAAP ). Those estimates require that we develop assumptions of future events based on past experience and
expectations of economic factors. Among the more critical estimates management makes is the estimate for customer rebates. 
The amount reported as a contractual allowance for rebates involves examination of past historical trends related of our sales to customers
and the related credits issued once contractual obligations of the customers have been met. The establishment of a liability for
future claims of rebates against sales in the current period requires that we have an understanding of the relevant sales with respect
to product categories, sales distribution channels, and the likelihood of contractual obligations being satisfied. We examine the
results of estimates against actual results historically and use the determination to further develop our basis for assumptions in future
periods, as well as the accuracy of past estimates. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Not applicable to smaller
reporting companies. 

16 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

DECEMBER 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 

F- 1 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 
 I NDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 

Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-5 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 
 F-6 

Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 
 F-7 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 
 F-9 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-10 

Financial Statement Schedule: 

Schedule II: Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 
 18 

F- 2 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

 Retractable Technologies, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Retractable Technologies, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, and the related
notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to
those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the
audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially
challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the
financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Revenue Recognition - Rebates 

As described in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company s rebate accrual at December 31, 2020 is 3,435,352. The Company recognizes revenue when it has satisfied all performance
obligations to the customer. Under certain contracts, revenue is recorded based on the sales price to distributors, less contractual pricing
allowances. Contractual pricing allowances consist of: (i) rebates granted to distributors who provide tracking reports which show, among
other things, the facility that purchased the products, and (ii) a provision for estimated contractual pricing allowances for products
for which the Company has not received tracking reports. Once rebates are issued they are applied against the customer s receivable
balance. 

F- 3 

We identified management s estimates of
rebates attributable to contractual pricing allowances, which are based on management s evaluation of available internal and external
data and for which the Company has not received tracking reports, as a critical audit matter. The Company s evaluation uses internally
developed assumptions, which involves a high degree of judgement. This leads to a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent
of effort is required when performing audit procedures to evaluate the methodology and reasonableness of the estimates and assumptions. 

The following are the most relevant procedures
we performed to address this critical audit matter: 

We evaluated and tested the appropriateness of management s process
for estimating rebates, including: 

o Testing the completeness, accuracy, and relevance of the underlying data
used in management s estimate. 

o Obtaining management s analysis and supporting documentation related
to sales distribution, and testing whether sales distribution factors used in the calculation of rebates were supported by the analysis
provided by management. 

We developed an independent expectation of rebates based on historic trends
in sales to distributors and credits issued and compared such expectation to the Company s estimate, including testing the completeness
and accuracy of the data used in the calculation, application of product categories and sales distribution channels determined by management
and used in the calculation, and recalculation of the rebates. 

We compared the year end rebate allowance to credits issued subsequent to
year end and investigated variances between management s estimate and actual results. 

/s/ Moss Adams LLP 

Dallas, Texas 

 March 31, 2021 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016. 

F- 4 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 
 17,566,682 
 5,934,749 
 
 Accounts
 receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of 205,822 and 146,832 
 32,910,919 
 6,564,371 
 
 Investments
 in debt and equity securities, at fair value 
 8,081,833 
 7,771,660 
 
 Inventories,
 net 
 10,234,646 
 7,450,592 
 
 Income
 taxes receivable 
 
 50,392 
 
 Other
 current assets 
 684,317 
 635,201 
 
 Total current
 assets 
 69,478,397 
 28,406,965 

Property, plant, and equipment,
 net 
 30,816,504 
 10,632,057 
 
 Income taxes receivable 
 
 50,393 
 
 Deferred tax asset 
 4,631,206 

Other assets 
 44,567 
 88,315 
 
 Total
 assets 
 104,970,674 
 39,177,730 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 
 16,256,444 
 5,007,604 
 
 Current
 portion of long-term debt 
 1,030,763 
 260,939 
 
 Accrued
 compensation 
 826,762 
 607,339 
 
 Dividends
 payable 
 49,091 
 54,800 
 
 Accrued
 royalties to shareholder 
 1,973,781 
 921,445 
 
 Other accrued
 liabilities 
 3,398,904 
 1,387,149 
 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 4,365,770 
 17,944 
 
 Total current
 liabilities 
 27,901,515 
 8,257,220 

Other long-term liabilities 
 24,478,697 

Long-term
 debt, net of current maturities 
 2,710,337 
 2,378,055 
 
 Total
 liabilities 
 55,090,549 
 10,635,275 

Commitments and contingencies
 See Note 10 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred Stock, 1 par value: 

Class B;
 authorized: 5,000,000 shares 

Series
 I, Class B; outstanding: 0 and 96,000 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 96,000 
 
 Series
 II, Class B; outstanding: 156,200 and 171,200 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 (liquidation preference of 1,952,500) 
 156,200 
 171,200 
 
 Series
 III, Class B; outstanding: 106,745 and 129,245 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 (liquidation preference of 1,334,313) 
 106,745 
 129,245 
 
 Series
 IV, Class B; outstanding: 0 and 342,500 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 342,500 
 
 Series
 V, Class B; outstanding: 0 and 34,000 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 
 34,000 
 
 Common
 Stock, no par value; authorized: 100,000,000 shares; outstanding: 33,957,204 and 32,674,954 shares at December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Additional
 paid-in capital 
 59,285,401 
 61,660,744 
 
 Accumulated
 deficit 
 (9,668,221 
 (33,891,234 
 
 Total
 stockholders equity 
 49,880,125 
 28,542,455 
 
 Total
 liabilities and stockholders equity 
 104,970,674 
 39,177,730 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Sales, net 
 81,862,453 
 41,797,179 
 33,274,702 
 
 Cost of Sales 

Costs of manufactured product 
 39,377,794 
 24,209,401 
 20,108,798 
 
 Royalty expense to shareholder 
 5,476,306 
 3,449,822 
 2,944,102 
 
 Total cost of sales 
 44,854,100 
 27,659,223 
 23,052,900 
 
 Gross profit 
 37,008,353 
 14,137,956 
 10,221,802 

Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 
 4,061,904 
 4,217,863 
 4,404,441 
 
 Research and development 
 574,527 
 516,095 
 621,365 
 
 General and administrative 
 8,301,169 
 6,432,158 
 6,786,041 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 12,937,600 
 11,166,116 
 11,811,847 
 
 Income from insurance proceeds 

260,514 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 24,070,753 
 2,971,840 
 (1,329,531 

Interest and other income 
 2,262,758 
 351,166 
 153,460 
 
 Interest expense 
 (260,264 
 (166,897 
 (177,190 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 26,073,247 
 3,156,109 
 (1,353,261 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 1,850,234 
 7,875 
 (13,318 
 
 Net income (loss) 
 24,223,013 
 3,148,234 
 (1,339,943 
 
 Preferred Stock dividend requirements 
 (573,868 
 (702,618 
 (704,996 
 
 Deemed contribution on extinguishment of preferred stock 
 2,975,708 

Income (loss) applicable to common stockholders 
 26,624,853 
 2,445,616 
 (2,044,939 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 
 0.80 
 0.07 
 (0.06 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 0.80 
 0.07 
 (0.06 

Weighted average common shares outstanding: 

Basic 
 33,169,307 
 32,672,475 
 32,666,454 
 
 Diluted 
 33,300,654 
 32,672,475 
 32,666,454 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Series
I Class B 
 
 Series
II Class B 
 
 Series
III Class B 
 
 Series
IV Class B 
 
 Series
 V Class B 

Common 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2017 
 98,500 
 
 98,500 
 
 171,200 
 
 171,200 
 
 129,245 
 
 129,245 
 
 342,500 
 
 342,500 
 
 40,000 
 
 40,000 
 
 32,666,454 

Dividends 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2018 
 98,500 
 
 98,500 
 
 171,200 
 
 171,200 
 
 129,245 
 
 129,245 
 
 342,500 
 
 342,500 
 
 40,000 
 
 40,000 
 
 32,666,454 

Conversion
 of Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 (2,500) 
 (2,500) 

(6,000) 
 (6,000) 
 8,500 

Dividends 

Net
 income 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2019 
 96,000 
 
 96,000 
 
 171,200 
 
 171,200 
 
 129,245 
 
 129,245 
 
 342,500 
 
 342,500 
 
 34,000 
 
 34,000 
 
 32,674,954 

Exchange
 of Preferred Stock for Common Stock 

(22,500) 
 (22,500) 
 (342,500) 
 (342,500) 
 (34,000) 
 (34,000) 
 754,000 

Conversion
 of Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 (81,700) 
 (81,700) 
 (15,000) 
 (15,000) 

96,700 

Stock
 Option Exercises 

431,550 

Redemption 
 (14,300) 
 (14,300) 

Dividends 

Net
 income 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 

156,200 
 
 156,200 
 
 106,745 
 
 106,745 

33,957,204 

See
accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 7 

RETRACTABLE
TE CHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2017 
 62,092,206 
 (35,699,525 
 27,174,126 

Dividends 
 (220,450 
 
 (220,450 

Net
 loss 
 
 (1,339,943 
 (1,339,943 

Balance as of December
 31, 2018 
 61,871,756 
 (37,039,468 
 25,613,733 

Conversion
 of Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 8,500 

Dividends 
 (219,512 
 
 (219,512 

Net
 income 
 
 3,148,234 
 3,148,234 

Balance as of December
 31, 2019 
 61,660,744 
 (33,891,234 
 28,542,455 

Exchange
 of Preferred Stock for Common Stock 
 (3,090,672 
 
 (3,489,672 

Conversion
 of Preferred Stock into Common Stock 
 96,700 

Stock
 Option Exercises 
 922,512 
 
 922,512 

Redemption 
 (92,950 
 
 (107,250 

Dividends 
 (210,933 
 
 (210,933 

Net
 income 
 
 24,223,013 
 24,223,013 

Balance
 as of December 31, 2020 
 59,285,401 
 (9,668,221 
 49,880,125 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 8 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years
 Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 income (loss) 
 24,223,013 
 3,148,234 
 (1,339,943 
 
 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided (used) by operating activities: 

Depreciation
 and amortization 
 832,069 
 852,080 
 886,814 
 
 Realized
 gains on investments 
 (162,595 
 (7,925 

Net
 unrealized gains on investments 
 (1,870,010 
 (129,315 

Deferred
 taxes 
 (4,631,206 

Inventories
 reserve 

(297,731 
 
 Provision
 for doubtful accounts, net of write-offs 
 59,440 
 
 47,793 
 
 Loss
 on disposal of assets 
 33,140 

(Increase)
 decrease in operating assets: 

Accounts
 receivable 
 (14,626,910 
 (1,652,015 
 145,407 
 
 Inventories 
 (2,784,054 
 94,502 
 (1,041,202 
 
 Other
 current assets 
 (49,116 
 9,602 
 (226,649 
 
 Income
 taxes receivable 
 100,785 
 100,937 
 (13,266 
 
 Other
 assets 
 43,748 
 77,541 

Increase
 (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable 
 11,248,840 
 (362,072 
 411,927 
 
 Accrued
 liabilities 
 2,232,059 
 55,150 
 699,030 
 
 Insurance
 proceeds 

(466,293 
 
 Income
 taxes payable 
 4,347,826 
 7,919 
 (1,382 
 
 Net
 cash provided (used) by operating activities 
 18,997,029 
 2,194,638 
 (1,195,495 

Cash
 flows from investing activities: 

Purchase
 of property, plant, and equipment 
 (21,049,656 
 (632,078 
 (382,156 
 
 Purchase
 of debt and equity securities 
 (2,242,897 
 (7,360,398 
 (2,986,156 
 
 Proceeds
 from the sales of debt and equity securities 
 3,965,329 
 2,712,134 

Net
 cash used by investing activities 
 (19,327,224 
 (5,280,342 
 (3,368,312 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 of long-term debt 
 1,363,000 

Repayments
 of long-term debt 
 (260,894 
 (407,014 
 (446,350 
 
 Proceeds
 from TIA 
 10,636,822 

Proceeds
 from the exercise of stock options 
 922,512 

Repurchase
 of preferred stock 
 (482,670 

Payment
 of Preferred Stock dividends 
 (216,642 
 (219,825 
 (220,450 
 
 Net
 cash provided (used) by financing activities 
 11,962,128 
 (626,839 
 (666,800 

Net
 increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 11,631,933 
 (3,712,543 
 (5,230,607 
 
 Cash
 and cash equivalents at: 

Beginning
 of period 
 5,934,749 
 9,647,292 
 14,877,899 
 
 End
 of period 
 17,566,682 
 5,934,749 
 9,647,292 

Supplemental
 schedule of cash flow information: 

Interest
 paid 
 260,264 
 166,897 
 177,190 
 
 Income
 taxes paid 
 2,106,000 
 
 1,173 

Supplemental
 schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: 

Preferred
 dividends declared, not paid 
 49,091 
 54,800 
 55,113 
 
 Conversion
 of preferred stock to common stock 
 96,700 
 8,500 

Redemption
 price payable 
 107,250 

Preferred
 stock repurchase payable 
 3,007,002 

Amounts
 receivable under TIA 
 11,779,078 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 9 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

1. BUSINESS
OF THE COMPANY AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

Business of the Company 

Retractable Technologies, Inc. (the
 Company was incorporated in Texas on May 9, 1994, and designs, develops, manufactures, and markets safety syringes and
other safety medical products for the healthcare profession. The Company began to develop its manufacturing operations in 1995. The Company s
manufacturing and administrative facilities are located in Little Elm, Texas. The Company s products are the VanishPoint 
0.5mL insulin syringe; 1mL tuberculin, insulin, and allergy antigen syringes; 0.5mL, 1mL, 2mL, 3mL, 5mL, and 10mL syringes; the small
diameter tube adapter; the blood collection tube holder; the allergy tray; the IV safety catheter; the Patient Safe syringes;
the Patient Safe Luer Cap; the VanishPoint Blood Collection Set; and the EasyPoint needle,
as well as a standard 3mL syringe packaged with an EasyPoint needle. The Company also sells VanishPoint autodisable
syringes in the international market in addition to the Company s other products. 

2. SUMMARY
OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Accounting estimates 

The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires Management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ significantly from
those estimates. 

Cash and cash equivalents 

For purposes of reporting cash flows,
cash and cash equivalents include cash, money market accounts, and investments with original maturities of three months or less. 

Accounts receivable 

The Company records trade receivables
when revenue is recognized. No product has been consigned to customers. The Company s allowance for doubtful accounts is primarily
determined by review of specific trade receivables. Those accounts that are doubtful of collection are included in the allowance. This
provision is reviewed to determine the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. Trade receivables are charged off when there is
certainty as to their being uncollectible. Trade receivables are considered delinquent when payment has not been made within contract
terms. 

The Company requires certain customers
to make a prepayment prior to beginning production or shipment of their order. Customers may apply such prepayments to their outstanding
invoices or pay the invoice and continue to carry forward the deposit for future orders. Such amounts are included in Other accrued liabilities
on the Balance Sheets and are shown in Note 7, Other Accrued Liabilities. 

The Company records an allowance for
estimated returns as a reduction to Accounts receivable and Gross sales. Historically, returns have been insignificant. 

Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the
lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined using actual average cost. The Company compares the average cost
to the net realizable value and records the lower value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course
of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. Management considers such factors as the
amount of 

F- 10 

inventory on hand and in the distribution channel, estimated time to sell such inventory, the shelf life of inventory, and
current market conditions when determining excess or obsolete inventories. A reserve is established for any excess or obsolete
inventories or they may be written off. 

Investments in debt and equity securities 

The Company holds high-grade exchange-traded
and closed-end funds (ETFs), mutual funds, equity securities, and debt securities as investments. These assets are readily marketable
and are carried at fair value as of the date of the Balance Sheets. Net unrealized and realized gains or losses on investments in
debt and equity securities are reflected as a component of Interest and other income. Realized gains or losses on investments in
debt and equity securities are recognized using the specific identification method. 

Property, plant, and equipment 

Property, plant, and equipment are
stated at cost. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Cost includes major expenditures for improvements
and replacements which extend useful lives or increase capacity and interest cost associated with significant capital additions. Gains
or losses from disposals are included in operations. 

The Company's property, plant, and
equipment primarily consist of buildings, land, assembly equipment, molding machines, molds, office equipment, furniture, and fixtures.
Depreciation and amortization are calculated using the straight-line method over the following useful lives: 

Production equipment 
 
 3 to 13 years 

Office furniture and equipment 
 
 3 to 10 years 

Buildings 
 
 39 years 

Building improvements 
 
 15 years 

Long-lived assets 

The Company assesses the recoverability
of long-lived assets using an assessment of the estimated undiscounted future cash flows related to such assets. In the event that assets
are found to be carried at amounts which are in excess of estimated gross future cash flows, the assets will be adjusted for impairment
to a level commensurate with fair value determined using a discounted cash flow analysis or appraised values of the underlying assets. 

Fair value measurements 

For assets and liabilities that are
measured using quoted prices in active markets, total fair value is the published market price per unit multiplied by the number of units
held without consideration of transaction costs. Assets and liabilities that are measured using significant other observable inputs are
valued by reference to similar assets or liabilities, adjusted for contract restrictions and other terms specific to that asset or liability.
For these items, a significant portion of fair value is derived by reference to quoted prices of similar assets or liabilities in active
markets. For all remaining assets and liabilities, fair value is derived using a fair value model, such as a discounted cash flow model
or Black-Scholes model. 

Financial instruments 

The Company estimates the fair
value of financial instruments through the use of public market prices, quotes from financial institutions, and other available
information. Judgment is required in interpreting data to develop estimates of fair value and, accordingly, amounts are not
necessarily indicative of the amounts that could be realized in a current market exchange. Short-term financial instruments,
including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and other liabilities, consist primarily of instruments
without extended maturities, the fair value of which, based on Management's estimates, equals their recorded values. 
Investments in equity securities consist primarily of individual equity securities, exchange-traded and closed-end funds and mutual
funds and are reported at their fair value based upon quoted prices in active markets. Investments in 

F- 11 

U.S. Treasury Notes are
reported at their fair value based upon quoted prices in active markets. Investments in certificates of deposit (CD) with
original maturities of greater than three months are reported at their estimated fair value based upon the duration of the CD and
the interest rate earned on the CD versus current interest rates of similar duration CDs. The fair value of long-term
liabilities, based on Management s estimates, approximates their reported values. 

Concentration risks 

The Company s financial instruments
exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, certificates of deposit, U.S. Treasury Notes, exchange-traded
and closed-end funds, mutual funds, equity securities, and accounts receivable. Cash balances, some of which exceed federally insured
limits, are maintained in financial institutions; however, Management believes the institutions are of high credit quality. The majority
of accounts receivable are due from companies that are well-established entities. The Company assesses market risk in debt and equity
securities through consultation with its outside investment advisors. Management is responsible for directing investment activity based
on current economic conditions. In 2020, a significant portion of the Company s sales were to the U.S. government, which Management
does not consider a credit risk. As a consequence, Management considers any exposure from concentrations of credit risks to be limited. 

The following table reflects our significant
customers in 2020, 2019, and 2018: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 
 
 Number of significant customers 
 2 
 
 3 
 
 2 
 
 Aggregate dollar amount of net sales to significant customers 
 41.6 million 
 
 19.0 million 
 
 13.1 million 
 
 Percentage of net sales to significant customers 
 50.6 
 
 45.6 
 
 39.2 

The Company increased its allowance
for doubtful accounts by approximately 125 thousand in 2020. 

In 2020, approximately 31.6 million
of the Company s sales were to the Department of Health and Human Services of the United States in partial fulfillment of a recent
 83.8 million delivery order to supply automated retraction safety syringes (the HHS Order ). Management expects the U.S.
government to remain a significant customer through at least July 2021. 

The
Company manufactures some of its products in Little Elm, Texas, as well as utilizing manufacturers in China. The Company obtained roughly
85.2 of its products in 2020 from its Chinese manufacturers. Purchases from Chinese manufacturers aggregated 82.6 and 85.3 of products
in 2019 and 2018, respectively. In the event that the Company becomes unable to purchase products from its Chinese manufacturers,
the Company would need to find an alternate manufacturer for its blood collection set, IV catheter, Patient Safe syringe,
0.5mL insulin syringe, 0.5mL autodisable syringe, and 2mL, 5mL, and 10mL syringes and would increase domestic production for the 1mL and
3mL syringes and EasyPoint needles. Regardless of vendor availability, the Company expects to increase its domestic syringe
production capacity at its facilities pursuant to the plans outlined in the TIA as hereinafter defined. 

Revenue recognition 

The
Company recognizes revenue when it has satisfied all performance obligations to the customer, generally when title and risk of loss
pass to the customer. Payments from customers with approved credit terms are typically due 30 days from the invoice date. Under
certain contracts, revenue is recorded on the basis of sales price to distributors, less contractual pricing allowances. Contractual
pricing allowances consist of: (i) rebates granted to distributors who provide tracking reports which show, among other things, the
facility that purchased the products, and (ii) a provision for estimated contractual pricing allowances for products for which the
Company has not received tracking reports. Rebates are recorded when issued and are applied against the customer s receivable
balance. Distributors receive a rebate for the difference between the Wholesale 

F- 12 

Acquisition Cost and the appropriate contract
price as reflected on a tracking report provided by the distributor to the Company. If product is sold
by a distributor to an entity that has no contract, there is a standard rebate (lower than a contracted rebate) given to the
distributor. One of the purposes of the rebate is to encourage distributors to submit tracking reports to the Company. The provision
for contractual pricing allowances is recognized in the period the related sales are recognized and is reviewed at the end of each
quarter and adjusted for changes in levels of products for which there is no tracking report. Additionally, if it becomes clear that
tracking reports will not be provided by individual distributors, the provision is further adjusted. The estimated contractual
allowance is included in Accounts payable in the Balance Sheets and deducted from revenues in the Statements of Operations. Accounts
payable included estimated contractual allowances for 3,435,352 and 3,586,726 as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The
terms and conditions of contractual pricing allowances are governed by contracts between the Company and its distributors. Revenue
for shipments directly to end-users is recognized when title and risk of ownership pass from the Company. End-users do not receive
any contractual allowances on their purchases. Any product shipped or distributed for evaluation purposes is expensed. 

The Company provides product warranties
that: i) the products are fit for medical use as generally defined within the boundaries of United States FDA approval; ii) the products
are not defective; and iii) the products will conform to the descriptions set forth in their respective labeling, provided that they are
used in accordance with such labeling and the Company s written directions for use. The Company has historically not incurred significant
warranty claims. 

The Company s domestic return
policy provides that a customer may return incorrect shipments within 10 days following arrival at the distributor s facility. In
all such cases, the distributor must obtain an authorization code from the Company and affix the code to the returned product. 

The Company s domestic return
policy also generally provides that a customer may return product that is overstocked. Overstocking returns are limited to two times in
each 12-month period up to 1 of distributor s total purchase of products for the prior 12-month period. All product overstocks
and returns are subject to inspection and acceptance by the Company. 

The Company s international distribution
agreements generally do not provide for any returns. 

The Company requires certain customers
to pay in advance of product shipment. Such prepayments from customers are recorded in Other accrued liabilities and are generally recognized
as revenue upon shipment of the product. 

The Company recognizes revenue from
licensing agreements when collection of such amounts from third parties is reasonably assured. If the Company licenses its products
for sale, the Company is obligated to pay Thomas J. Shaw, the owner of certain patented technology, a certain percentage of such revenue
pursuant to the terms of the Technology License Agreement between the Company and Mr. Shaw. 

Disaggregated information of revenue
recognized from contracts with customers and licensing fees recognized are as follows: 

For the year ended December 31, 2020: 
 
 Geographic Segment 
 
 Syringes 
 
 Blood 
 Collection 
Products 
 
 EasyPoint 
Needles 
 
 Other 
 Products 
 
 Total 
Product 
Sales 
 
 U.S. sales (excluding HHS Order) 
 
 30,446,858 
 
 2,116,108 
 
 9,542,122 
 
 64,375 
 
 42,169,463 
 
 HHS Order sales to U.S. government 
 
 31,634,343 

31,634,343 
 
 North and South America sales (excluding U.S.) 
 
 5,733,116 
 
 8,450 
 
 86,816 
 
 1,064,768 
 
 6,893,150 
 
 Other international sales 
 
 917,478 
 
 239,329 
 
 235 
 
 8,455 
 
 1,165,497 
 
 Total 
 
 68,731,795 
 
 2,363,887 
 
 9,629,173 
 
 1,137,598 
 
 81,862,453 

F- 13 

For the year ended December 31, 2019: 
 
 Geographic Segment 
 
 Syringes 
 
 Blood 
 Collection 
 Products 
 
 EasyPoint 
 Needles 
 
 Other 
 Products 
 
 Total 
Product 
Sales 
 
 U.S. sales 
 
 26,722,414 
 
 2,130,767 
 
 2,970,374 
 
 74,369 
 
 31,897,924 
 
 North and South America sales (excluding U.S.) 
 
 7,863,796 
 
 6,313 
 
 7,996 
 
 370,885 
 
 8,248,990 
 
 Other international sales 
 
 1,052,217 
 
 578,617 
 
 635 
 
 18,796 
 
 1,650,265 
 
 Total 
 
 35,638,427 
 
 2,715,697 
 
 2,979,005 
 
 464,050 
 
 41,797,179 

For the year ended December 31, 2018: 
 
 Geographic Segment 
 
 Syringes 
 
 Blood 
 Collection 
 Products 
 
 EasyPoint 
 Needles 
 
 Other 
Products 
 
 Total 
 Product 
Sales 
 
 U.S. sales 
 
 23,803,483 
 
 1,365,936 
 
 3,401,389 
 
 75,766 
 
 28,646,574 
 
 North and South America sales (excluding U.S.) 
 
 3,521,823 
 
 8,805 
 
 252 
 
 66,564 
 
 3,597,444 
 
 Other international sales 
 
 940,740 
 
 48,101 
 
 11,768 
 
 30,075 
 
 1,030,684 
 
 Total 
 
 28,266,046 
 
 1,422,842 
 
 3,413,409 
 
 172,405 
 
 33,274,702 

Income taxes 

The Company evaluates tax positions
taken or expected to be taken in a tax return for recognition in the financial statements based on whether it is more-likely-than-not 
that a tax position will be sustained based upon the technical merits of the position. Measurement of the tax position is based upon the
largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. 

The Company provides for deferred income
taxes through utilizing an asset and liability approach for financial accounting and reporting based on the tax effects of differences
between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities, based on enacted rates expected to be in effect when such differences
reverse in future periods. Deferred tax assets are periodically reviewed for realizability. In prior periods, the Company established
a valuation allowance for its net deferred tax asset as future taxable income which could not be reasonably assured. Penalties and interest
related to income taxes are classified as General and administrative expense and Interest expense, respectively. During the quarter ended
June 30, 2020, the Company released its valuation allowance based on available evidence supporting that its deferred tax assets will be
realized in full. 

Earnings per share 

The Company computes basic earnings
or loss per share EPS by dividing net earnings or loss for the period (adjusted for any cumulative dividends for the period)
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted EPS includes the determinants of basic EPS and,
in addition, reflects the dilutive effect, if any, of the common stock deliverable pursuant to stock options or common stock issuable
upon the conversion of convertible preferred stock. At December 31, 2020, the calculation of diluted EPS under the treasury stock method
included 131,347 shares of Common Stock underlying issued and outstanding stock options. Common stock issuable upon the conversion of
convertible preferred stock is excluded from the calculation of diluted EPS for 2020, 2019, and 2018 because the effect was antidilutive.
At December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018, the calculation of diluted EPS excluded 639,300 and 1,357,803 shares of common stock, respectively,
underlying issued and outstanding stock options, as the exercise prices of the stock options were greater than the average stock prices.
The potential dilution, if any, is shown on the following schedule: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 

Net income (loss) 
 
 24,223,013 
 
 3,148,234 
 
 (1,339,943) 
 
 Preferred stock dividend requirements 
 
 (573,868) 
 (702,618) 
 (704,996) 

F- 14 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 
 2019 
 
 2018 

Deemed contribution on extinguishment of preferred stock 
 
 2,975,708 

Income (loss) applicable to common stockholders 
 
 26,624,853 
 
 2,445,616 
 
 (2,044,939) 

Weighted Average common shares outstanding 
 
 33,169,307 
 
 32,672,475 
 
 32,666,454 

Weighted Average common and common equivalent shares outstanding - assuming dilution 
 
 33,300,654 
 
 32,672,475 
 
 32,666,454 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 
 
 0.80 
 
 0.07 
 
 (0.06) 
 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 
 0.80 
 
 0.07 
 
 (0.06) 

The FASB Codification 260-10-S99-2,
 Effect on the Calculation of Earnings per Share for the Redemption or Induced Conversion of Preferred Stock , requires the gain
or loss on extinguishment of equity-classified preferred stock to be included in the net income per common stockholder used to calculate
earnings per share (similar to the treatment of dividends paid on preferred stock). The difference between (1) the fair value of the consideration
transferred to the holders of the preferred stock and (2) the carrying amount of the preferred stock (net of issuance costs) is subtracted
from (or added to) net income to arrive at income available to common stockholders in the calculation of earnings per share. 

The Company has determined to apply
this guidance to its accounting treatment of the preferred stock transactions described in Note 19. 

Shipping and handling costs 

The Company classifies shipping and
handling costs as part of Cost of sales in the Statements of Operations. 

Self-insured employee benefit costs 

The Company self-insures certain health
insurance benefits for its employees under certain policy limits. The Company has additional coverage provided by an insurance company
for any individual with claims in excess of 100,000 and/or total plan claims in excess of 1,000,000 for the plan year. 

Research and development costs 

Research and development costs are
expensed as incurred. 

Share-based compensation 

The Company s share-based payments
are accounted for using the Black-Scholes fair value method. The Company records share-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis
over the requisite service period. 

Insurance Proceeds 

Receipts from insurance, up to the
amount of any loss recognized by the Company, are considered recoveries. Any such recoveries are recorded when they are received. Insurance
proceeds are not recognized as a component of income (loss) from operations until all repairs are made. 

Leases 

The Company determines if an
arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating and finance leases are included in Other assets, Other accrued liabilities, and Other
long-term liabilities on the Balance Sheets. Right-of-use 

F- 15 

ROU assets represent the Company s right to use an
underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over
the lease term. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the incremental borrowing rate based on information
available at the commencement date was used in determining the present value of lease payments. 

The operating lease ROU asset also
includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when
it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Balance Sheets; however, rent
expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Technology Investment Agreement
(TIA) 

Effective July 1, 2020, the Company
entered into a Technology Investment Agreement TIA with the United States Government Department of Defense, U.S. Army
Contracting Command-Aberdeen Proving Ground, Natick Contracting Division Edgewood Contracting Division (ACC-APG, NCD ECD)
on behalf of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (BARDA) for 53,664,286 in government funding for expanding the
Company s domestic production of needles and syringes. Pursuant to the terms of the TIA, the Company is expected to make significant
additions to its facilities which should allow the Company to increase domestic production. As reimbursements are received from the U.S.
government for such expenditures, the Company records a deferred liability. The deferred liability will be systematically amortized as
a gain over the life of the related property, plant, and equipment as to offset the related depreciation expense of the assets acquired.
The amortization will be presented separately from the depreciation expense on the Statements of Operations. 

Recently Adopted Pronouncements 

The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as well as subsequent clarifying
amendments on January 1, 2020. Among other things, these amendments require the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial
assets held at the reporting date based on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
Many of the loss estimation techniques applied previously will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will change
to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. The adoption of ASU 2016-13, as well as the Targeted Transition Relief as
provided by ASU 2019-05, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326) Targeted Transition Relief did
not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements. 

The Company adopted ASU 2018-15, Intangibles Goodwill
and Other Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Customer s Accounting for Implementation Costs Incurred in a Cloud
Computing Arrangement That is a Service Contract (a Consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force) on January 1, 2020. 
This amendment requires that implemented costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract should be accounted for in
accordance with ASC 350-40 Internal-Use Software. Accordingly, costs incurred during the preliminary project and post-implementation
stages are expensed and costs associated with the application development phase are capitalized. The amendment also requires that
capitalized costs be amortized over the term of the hosting arrangement and that capitalized costs should be evaluated for impairment. 
The adoption of this ASU did not have a significant impact on the Company s financial statements or disclosures. 

In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU
2018-13 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Disclosure Framework Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value
Measurement. The amendment modifies, among other things, disclosure requirements on fair value measurements and eliminates certain
disclosures related to transfers and valuation levels of Level 3 fair value measurements. Additionally, the amendment requires disclosure
of changes in unrealized gains and losses in other comprehensive income for Level 3 fair value measurements and certain qualitative factors
related to significant unobservable inputs used in Level 3 valuations. The amendment was effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2019 and interim periods within the annual period. The adoption of ASU 2018-13 did not have a significant effect on the 

F- 16 

Company s
financial statements, as the Company does not currently have any investments classified as Level 3 fair value measurements. 

Recently Issued Pronouncements 

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU
2019-12, Income Taxes: Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes . The new standard is intended to simplify the accounting
for income taxes by eliminating certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating
income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance also
simplifies aspects of the accounting for franchise taxes and enacted changes in tax laws or rates and clarifies the accounting for transactions
that result in a step-up in the tax basis of goodwill. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020
and interim periods within the annual period, with early adoption permitted. Adoption of the standard requires certain changes primarily
be made prospectively, with some changes to be made retrospectively. The Company has determined that the adoption of ASU 2019-12 will
not have a material impact on its financial statements. 

In March 2020, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting ,
to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference rate reform. The new guidance provides optional expedients for contracts that
reference LIBOR, if certain criteria are met, that can be applied through December 31, 2022. As reference rate reform is still an ongoing
process, the Company will continue to evaluate the timing and potential impact of adoption for optional expedients when deemed necessary. 

3. INVENTORIES 

Inventories consist of the following: 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Raw
 materials 
 1,358,552 
 1,254,313 
 
 Finished
 goods 
 9,173,302 
 6,493,487 

10,531,854 
 7,747,800 
 
 Inventory
 reserve 
 (297,208 
 (297,208 

10,234,646 
 7,450,592 

4. FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements ,
defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value and requires additional disclosures regarding certain fair value
measurements. ASC 820 establishes a three-tier hierarchy for measuring fair value, as follows: 

Level 1 quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets
and liabilities 

Level 2 inputs other than quoted prices that are directly or indirectly
observable 

Level 3 - unobservable inputs where there is little or no market activity 

The following tables summarize the
values of assets designated as Investments in debt and equity securities: 

December 31, 2020 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Equity securities 
 3,990,533 

3,990,533 
 
 Mutual funds and exchange traded funds 
 4,013,956 

4,013,956 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 
 77,344 
 
 77,344 

8,004,489 
 77,344 
 
 8,081,833 

F- 17 

December
 31, 2019 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Mutual funds and exchange traded funds 
 6,708,746 

6,708,746 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 
 1,062,914 
 
 1,062,914 

6,708,746 
 1,062,914 
 
 7,771,660 

The Company holds high-grade ETFs,
mutual funds, individual equity stocks, and debt securities as investments. These assets are readily marketable and are carried at fair
value as of the date of the Balance Sheets. The Company intends to hold these assets for possible future operating requirements. 

The following table summarizes gross
unrealized gains and losses from Investments in debt and equity securities: 

December
 31, 2020 

Gross Unrealized 
 Aggregate 

Cost 
 Gains 
 Losses 
 Fair Value 
 
 Equity securities 
 2,098,144 
 1,892,389 
 
 3,990,533 
 
 Mutual funds and exchange traded funds 
 3,909,364 
 104,592 
 
 4,013,956 
 
 Certificates of deposit 
 75,000 
 2,344 
 
 77,344 

6,082,508 
 1,999,325 
 
 8,081,833 

December
 31, 2019 

Gross Unrealized 
 Aggregate 

Cost 
 Gains 
 Losses 
 Fair
 Value 
 
 Mutual funds
 and exchange traded funds 
 6,592,345 
 116,401 
 
 6,708,746 
 
 Certificates
 of deposit 
 1,050,000 
 12,914 
 
 1,062,914 

7,642,345 
 129,315 
 
 7,771,660 

5. PROPERTY,
PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT 

Property, plant, and equipment consist
of the following: 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Land 
 261,893 
 261,893 
 
 Buildings and building improvements 
 11,593,952 
 11,566,115 
 
 Production equipment 
 20,290,331 
 19,903,236 
 
 Office furniture and equipment 
 3,630,455 
 3,527,577 
 
 Construction in progress 
 21,365,915 
 765,176 

57,142,546 
 36,023,997 
 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 (26,326,042 
 (25,391,940 

30,816,504 
 10,632,057 

Depreciation expense for the years
ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018 was 832,069; 851,673; and 883,610, respectively. 

6. LICENSE
AGREEMENT 

In 1995, the Company entered into a
license agreement with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Thomas J. Shaw, for the exclusive right to manufacture, market, and
distribute products utilizing automated retraction technology, which agreement has been amended twice. This technology is the subject
of various patents and patent applications owned by Mr. Shaw. The license agreement provides for quarterly payments of a 5 royalty fee
on gross sales. Additionally, if the Company sublicenses the technology and the sublicensee s customers are not known to the Company,
then Mr. Shaw shall be entitled to receive from the Company fifty percent (50 of the royalties actually paid to the Company by such
sublicensee. The royalty fee expense is 

F- 18 

recognized
in the period in which it is earned. Royalty fees of 5,476,306; 3,449,822; and 2,944,102 are included in Cost of sales for the years
ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. Royalties payable under this agreement aggregated 1,973,781 and 921,445 at December
31, 2020, and 2019, respectively. Gross sales upon which royalties are based were 109,526,118; 67,529,783; and 58,882,042; for 2020,
2019, and 2018, respectively. 

7. OTHER
ACCRUED LIABILITIES 

Other accrued liabilities consist of
the following: 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Prepayments from customers 
 1,686,868 
 998,601 
 
 Accrued professional fees 
 331,204 
 263,757 
 
 Current portion preferred stock repurchase 
 1,092,282 

Other accrued expenses 
 288,550 
 124,791 
 
 Total 
 3,398,904 
 1,387,149 

8. LONG-TERM
DEBT 

Long-term debt consists of the following: 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Loan from American First National Bank. Maturity date is April 10, 2028. The loan, in the original amount of 4,209,608, provided funding for the expansion of the warehouse, additional office space, and a new Controlled Environment. The loan is secured by the Company s land and buildings. The interest rate is equal to prime rate plus 0.25 . The interest rate was 5.0 at December 31, 2020. 
 2,378,100 
 2,638,994 

Loan from Independent Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program. Original maturity date is April 17, 2022. The interest rate is equal to 1.0 per annum. 
 1,363,000 

3,741,100 
 2,638,994 

Less: current portion 
 (1,030,763 
 (260,939 

2,710,337 
 2,378,055 

The fair value of long-term liabilities,
based on Management s estimates, approximates their reported values. 

The aggregate maturities of long-term
debt as of December 31, 2020, are as follows: 

2021 
 1,030,763 
 
 2022 
 896,210 
 
 2023 
 304,120 
 
 2024 
 319,685 
 
 2025 
 336,488 
 
 Thereafter 
 853,834 

3,741,100 

9. OTHER
LONG-TERM LIABILITIES 

Other long-term liabilities consists
of the following: 

December
 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Technology Investment Agreement (TIA) 
 22,444,324 

Stock repurchase 
 2,034,373 

Total 
 24,478,697 

F- 19 

The TIA provides for reimbursement
to the Company for the purchase of equipment and supplies related to the expansion of the Company s domestic production of needles
and syringes. Under the TIA, reimbursable amounts will be reflected as a liability until the time its deferred income can be systematically
amortized over a period matching the useful life of the purchased assets. 

The stock repurchase liability represents
the long-term portion, at net present value, of 3,303,330 gross payable by the Company to former preferred shareholders as a result of
private stock purchases in 2020 of 320,333 shares of Class B Series IV preferred stock and 25,000 shares of Class B Series V preferred
stock. The purchase price is payable in three annual installments of 1,101,110. 

10. COMMITMENTS
AND CONTINGENCIES 

On November 7, 2019, the Company filed
a lawsuit in the 44 th District Court of Dallas County, Texas (No. DC-19-17946) against Locke Lord, LLP and Roy Hardin in connection
with their legal representation of the Company in its previous litigation against Becton, Dickinson and Company BD ). The
Company alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties, committed malpractice, and were negligent in their representation
of the Company. The Company seeks actual and exemplary damages, disgorgement, costs, and interest. On October 6, 2020, the Court dismissed
Defendants motion to dismiss, which order was appealed by the Defendants on October 9, 2020 to the Court of Appeals, Fifth District
of Texas at Dallas. Oral argument for the appeal has been set for April 7, 2021 

11. INCOME
TAXES 

The provision (benefit) for income
taxes consists of the following: 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Current tax provision (benefit) 

Federal 
 4,431,590 
 
 (13,318 
 
 State 
 2,049,850 
 7,875 

Total current provision (benefit) 
 6,481,440 
 7,875 
 (13,318 

Deferred tax provision (benefit) 

Federal 
 (3,428,399 

State 
 (1,202,807 

Total deferred tax provision (benefit) 
 (4,631,206 

Total income tax provision (benefit) 
 1,850,234 
 7,875 
 (13,318 

The Company had 23.3 million in tax
benefits attributable to net operating losses for federal tax purposes as of December 31, 2019, which were fully utilized as of December
31, 2020. The Company has state net operating losses of 3.6 million as of December 31, 2020 which will begin to expire in 2029. The Company
also had credits for alternative minimum taxes AMT paid of 100 thousand as of December 31, 2019. The alternative minimum
tax was repealed with the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Company recorded the AMT credit as a tax receivable on its financial
statements as of December 31, 2019 rather than as a deferred tax asset, as this amount is a refundable credit. The AMT credit refund receivable
at December 31, 2019 was claimed on the Company s 2019 corporate income tax return and was received in 2020. 

Utilization of the state net operating
loss carry forwards and credits may be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by
state rules that are similar to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

Deferred taxes are provided for those
items reported in different periods for income tax and financial reporting purposes. The tax effects of temporary differences that give
rise to significant portions of the deferred tax assets and liabilities are presented below: 

F- 20 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 
 Deferred tax assets 

Net operating loss carry forwards 
 198,675 
 5,748,724 
 
 Accrued expenses and reserves 
 824,920 
 573,382 
 
 Employee stock option expense 
 15,188 
 75,591 
 
 Nonemployee stock option expense 
 8,515 
 8,207 
 
 Inventories 
 98,748 
 110,455 
 
 Impairment 
 
 111,178 
 
 Deferred income TIA contract 
 5,675,617 

Unrealized gains/losses 
 
 30,434 
 
 Deferred tax assets 
 6,821,663 
 6,657,971 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 

Unrealized gains/losses 
 (508,197 

Property, plant, and equipment 
 (1,682,260 
 (1,628,133 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities 
 (2,190,457 
 (1,628,133 
 
 Net deferred assets 
 4,631,206 
 5,029,838 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 
 (5,029,838 
 
 Net deferred tax assets 
 4,631,206 

Deferred income tax calculations reflect
the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax bases, as well as from net operating
loss carry forwards, and are stated at the U.S. tax rate of 21 . Deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income
taxes payable on taxable income in future years. 

Deferred tax assets are periodically
reviewed for realizability. In prior periods, the Company established a valuation allowance for its net deferred tax asset as future taxable
income which could not be reasonably assured. The valuation allowance was fully released during the year ended December 31, 2020. The
valuation allowance was decreased by 5,029,838 for 2020 and decreased by 1,121,560 for 2019. 

Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, net
operating losses incurred after December 31, 2017 can only offset 80 of taxable income. However, these net operating losses may be carried
forward indefinitely instead of limited to twenty years under previous tax law. Carryback of these losses is no longer permitted. 

The CARES Act temporarily removed the
80 of taxable income limitation to allow NOL carryforwards to fully offset income. For tax years beginning before 2021, the Company can
take an NOL deduction equal to 100 of taxable income. For tax years beginning after 2021, the Company can take: (1) a 100 deduction
of NOLs arising in tax years prior to 2018, and (2) a deduction limited to 80 of modified taxable income for NOLs arising in tax years
after 2017. 

A reconciliation of income taxes based
on the federal statutory rate and the effective income tax rate is summarized as follows: 

December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 Income tax at the federal statutory rate 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 21.0 
 
 State tax, net of federal tax 
 4.2 
 2.0 
 3.5 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (19.2 
 (35.6 
 (24.3 
 
 Permanent differences 
 (0.6 
 
 (0.3 
 
 Return-to-provision and other 
 1.7 
 12.9 
 (0.9 
 
 Tax Reform and Jobs Act tax rate change 

0.1 
 
 Effective tax rate 
 7.1 
 0.3 
 (0.9 

F- 21 

The Company files income tax returns
in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and in various state and local jurisdictions. The Company's federal income tax returns for all tax years
ended on or after December 31, 2017, remain subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. The Company's state and local income
tax returns are subject to examination by the respective state and local authorities over various statutes of limitations, most ranging
from three to five years from the date of filing. 

12. DIVIDENDS 

The Board declared and the Company
paid cash dividends to Series I and Series II Class B Preferred Shareholders within one month of the end of each quarter in 2018, 2019,
and 2020, resulting in cumulative annual payments of: 49,250, and 171,200 to Series I and Series II preferred shareholders, respectively,
in 2018; 48,625, and 171,200 to Series I and Series II preferred shareholders, respectively, in 2019; 48,000, and 168,642 to Series
I and Series II preferred shareholders, respectively, in 2020; and one payment of 10,041, and 39,050 to Series I and Series II preferred
shareholders, respectively, in 2021. 

13. STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

Preferred Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue
5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class A with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share; 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class
B with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share; and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class C with a par value of One Dollar 1.00)
per share. 

The Company has one class of Preferred
Stock outstanding: Class B Convertible Preferred Stock Class B Stock ). The Class B Stock has two series: Series II and
Series III. Series I, Series IV, and Series V were cancelled by Board resolution effective March 16, 2021. 

The Class B Series II and III stock
had 156,200 and 106,745 shares outstanding, respectively, at December 31, 2020. The remaining 4,737,055 authorized shares have not been
assigned a series. 

Series I Class B Stock 

There were 0 and 96,000 shares of 1
par value Series I Class B Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of Series I Class B Stock were entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 0.50 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. The Company paid
dividends of 48,000 in 2020 and 48,625 in 2019. At December 31, 2020, no dividends were in arrears. 

Series I Class B Stock was redeemable
at the option of the Company at a price of 7.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends. Such a redemption took place effective December
31, 2020. Each share of Series I Class B Stock was, at the option of the stockholder, convertible to one share of Common Stock. 81,700
shares of Series I Class B Stock was converted to Common Stock in 2020 and the remaining 14,300 shares were redeemed by the Company as
of December 31, 2020 for a total redemption price payable of 107,250. 2,500 shares of Series I Class B Stock were converted into Common
Stock in 2019. In the event of voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, holders of Series I Class
B Stock then outstanding would have been entitled to 6.25 per share, plus all unpaid dividends prior to any distributions to holders
of Series II Class B Stock, Series III Class B Stock, Series IV Class B Stock, Series V Class B Stock, or Common Stock. 

Series II Class B Stock 

There were 156,200 and 171,200 shares
of 1 par value Series II Class B Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of Series II Class B Stock are
entitled to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. Holders
of Series II Class B Stock generally have no voting rights until dividends are in arrears and unpaid for twelve consecutive quarters.
In such case, the holders of Series II Class B Stock have the right to elect one-third of the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company
paid dividends of 168,642 in 2020 and 171,200 in 2019. At December 31, 2020, no dividends were in arrears. 

F- 22 

Series II Class B Stock is redeemable
at the option of the Company at a price of 15.00 per share plus all unpaid dividends. Each share of Series II Class B Stock may, at the
option of the stockholder, be converted to one share of Common Stock. 15,000 shares were converted into Common Stock in 2020. No shares
were converted in 2019. In the event of voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, holders of Series
II Class B Stock then outstanding are entitled to 12.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends, prior to any distributions to holders of
Series III Class B Stock or Common Stock. 

Series III Class B Stock 

There were 106,745 and 129,245 shares
of 1 par value Series III Class B Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019. Holders of Series III Class B Stock are entitled to
receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. At December 31, 2020,
approximately 4,037,000 of dividends which have not been declared were in arrears. 

Series III Class B Stock is redeemable
at the option of the Company at a price of 15.00 per share, plus all unpaid dividends. Each share of Series III Class B Stock may, at
the option of the stockholder, be converted to one share of Common Stock. No shares were converted in 2020 or 2019. 22,500 shares were
exchanged for Common Stock in private transactions in 2020. Please see Note 19 for a description of private exchange transactions in 2020.
In the event of voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation, or winding up of the Company, holders of Series III Class B Stock then
outstanding are entitled to 12.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends, after distribution obligations to Series II Class B Stock have
been satisfied and prior to any distributions to holders of Common Stock. 

Series IV Class B Stock 

There were 0 and 342,500 shares of
 1 par value Series IV Class B Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of Series IV Class B Stock were
entitled to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly, if declared by the Board of Directors. At December
31, 2020, approximately 101,000 of dividends which have not been declared were in arrears. 

Series IV Class B Stock was redeemable
at the option of the Company at a price of 11.00 per share plus all unpaid dividends. Each share of Series IV Class B Stock was, at the
option of the stockholder any time, convertible into one share of Common Stock. No shares of Series IV Class B Stock were converted into
Common Stock in 2020 or 2019. 342,500 shares were exchanged for Common Stock in private transactions in 2020. Please see Note 19 for a
description of private exchange transactions in 2020. In the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up
of the Company, holders of Series IV Class B Stock then outstanding would have been entitled to receive liquidating distributions of 11.00
per share, plus all unpaid dividends after distribution obligations to Series I Class B Stock, Series II Class B Stock, and Series III
Class B Stock have been satisfied and prior to any distribution to holders of Series V Class B Stock or Common Stock. 

Series V Class B Stock 

There were 0 and 34,000 shares of 1
par value Series V Class B Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of Series V Class B Stock were entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 0.32 per share, payable quarterly, if declared by the Board of Directors. At December 31,
2020, approximately 830,000 of dividends which have not been declared were in arrears. 

Series V Class B Stock was redeemable
at the option of the Company at a price of 4.40 per share plus all unpaid dividends. Each share of Series V Class B Stock was, at the
option of the stockholder any time, convertible into Common Stock. 0 and 6,000 shares of Series V Class B Stock were converted into Common
Stock in 2020 and 2019, respectively. 34,000 shares were exchanged for Common Stock in private transactions in 2020. Please see Note 19
for a description of private exchange transactions in 2020. In the event of voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding
up of the Company, holders of Series V Class B Stock then outstanding would have been entitled to receive liquidating distributions of
 4.40 per share, plus all unpaid dividends after distribution obligations to Series I Class B Stock, Series II Class B Stock, Series III
Class B 

F- 23 

Stock,
and Series IV Class B Stock have been satisfied and prior to any distribution to the holders of the Common Stock. 

Common stock 

The Company is authorized to issue
100,000,000 shares of no par value Common Stock, of which 33,957,204 and 32,674,954 shares were outstanding at December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. Additionally, as of December 31, 2020, a total of 462,395 shares of Common Stock were issuable upon the conversion of Preferred
Stock and the exercise of stock options. 

14. RELATED
PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The Company has a license agreement
with the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. See Note 6. 

15. STOCK
OPTIONS 

Stock options 

Options for the purchase of 3,649,508
shares of Common Stock have been issued under the 2008 Stock Option Plan. Options for the purchase of 199,450 shares under the 2008 Stock
Option Plan were outstanding as of December 31, 2020. No shares are available for future issuance under the 2008 Stock Option Plan, which
expired July 25, 2018. 

The Compensation and Benefits Committee
administered the Company s stock option plan prior to its termination. 

Stock option exercises 

Stock options were exercised by the
Company s employees and directors during 2020, and, consequently, a total of 431,550 shares of Common Stock were issued for an aggregate
payment to the Company of 922,512 to exercise such options. 

Director, officer, and employee options 

A summary of Director, officer, and
employee options granted and outstanding under the 2008 Stock Option Plan is presented below: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 Shares 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price 
 
 Outstanding at beginning of period 
 639,300 
 2.12 
 1,300,303 
 1.57 
 1,805,519 
 1.51 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 
 (431,550 
 (2.14 

Forfeited 
 (8,300 
 (2.75 
 (661,003 
 (1.05 
 (505,216 
 (1.36 

Outstanding at end of period 
 199,450 
 2.05 
 639,300 
 2.12 
 1,300,303 
 1.57 

Exercisable at end of period 
 199,450 
 2.05 
 639,300 
 2.12 
 1,300,303 
 1.57 

No options were issued in 2020, 2019,
or 2018 to employees or non-employee directors. 

F- 24 

The following table summarizes information
about Director, officer, and employee options outstanding under the stock option plan at December 31, 2020: 

Exercise Prices 
 Shares Outstanding 
 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life 
 Shares Exercisable 
 
 1.05 
 82,500 
 5.99 
 82,500 
 
 2.75 
 116,950 
 5.70 
 116,950 

Non-employee options 

A summary of options outstanding and
held by non-employees is as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 
 Shares 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Exercise 
 Price 

Outstanding at beginning of period 

57,500 
 0.81 
 57,500 
 0.81 
 
 Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

(57,500 
 (0.81 

Outstanding at end of period 

57,500 
 0.81 

Exercisable at end of period 

57,500 
 0.81 

The Company recorded no stock-based
compensation expense in 2018, 2019, or 2020. At December 31, 2020, there were 199,450 stock options with exercise prices lower than the
closing market price. The intrinsic value of these options at December 31, 2020 was 1,733,856. 

Options Pricing Models Assumptions 

The expected life is based on the Company s
historical experience with option exercise trends. The assumptions for expected volatility are based on a calculation of volatility over
the five-years preceding the grant date. Risk-free interest rates are set using grant-date U.S. Treasury yield curves. In its calculations,
the Company assumed no dividends. The Company elected a policy to account for forfeitures as they occur, rather than on an estimated basis. 

16. 401(k)
PLAN 

The Company implemented an employee
savings and retirement plan (the 401(k) Plan in 2005 that is intended to be a tax-qualified plan covering substantially
all employees. The 401(k) Plan is available to all employees on the first day of the month after 90 days of service. Under the terms of
the 401(k) Plan, employees may elect to contribute up to 88 of their compensation, or the statutory prescribed limit, if less. The Company
may, at its discretion, match employee contributions. For 2020, 2019, and 2018, the Company matched each participant s elective
deferrals up to 2 of the participant s compensation for the pay period. The total match was 162,008; 117,917; and 145,146 in
2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. 

F- 25 

1 7. BUSINESS
SEGMENT 

The following is a summary of the Company s
sales and long-lived assets by geography: 

2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 
 U.S. sales 
 73,803,806 
 31,897,924 
 28,646,574 
 
 North and South America sales
 (excluding U.S.) 
 6,893,150 
 8,248,990 
 3,597,444 
 
 Other
 international sales 
 1,165,497 
 1,650,265 
 1,030,684 
 
 Total
 sales 
 81,862,453 
 41,797,179 
 33,274,702 

Long-lived
 assets 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 U.S. 
 30,751,259 
 10,542,688 
 
 International 
 65,245 
 89,369 

The Company does not operate in separate
reportable segments. Shipments to international customers generally require a prepayment either by wire transfer or an irrevocable confirmed
letter of credit. The Company does extend credit to international customers on some occasions depending upon certain criteria, including,
but not limited to, the credit worthiness of the customer, the stability of the country, banking restrictions, and the size of the order.
All transactions are in U.S. currency. 

18. LEASES 

The Company has operating leases for
a warehouse and equipment. The leases have a remaining lease term of less than one year. The Company currently has no finance
leases. The ROU asset is determined based on the lease liability adjusted for lease incentives received. Lease expense is
recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The leases may include various expenses incidental to the use of the property,
such as common area maintenance, property taxes and insurance. These costs are separate from the minimum rent payment and are not
considered in the determination of the lease liability and ROU asset. The Company has not noted any material instances in its leases
where these costs were combined with the minimum rent payment and has therefore elected the policy to not separate lease from non-lease
components if they are combined with the minimum rent payment. The option periods are not included in the determination of the lease
liability and right-of-use asset as the Company is not reasonably certain if it will extend at the time of lease commencement. 

The operating lease cost component
of the lease expense was 103,312 and 80,648 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The cash paid for amounts
included in the measurement of lease liabilities as a component of cash flows related to leases was 106,101 and 80,648 for the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Assets and liabilities associated with
these leases included in the Balance Sheets are as follows: 

December 31, 

2020 
 
 2019 
 
 OPERATING LEASES 

Other assets 
 38,892 
 82,359 
 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 38,892 
 82,359 
 
 Other long-term liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 
 38,892 
 82,359 

19. PRIVATE
EXCHANGES AND REDEMPTION 

Private Exchanges of Preferred Stock
for Common Stock 

In 2020, the Company entered into several
agreements with shareholders to purchase its outstanding Class B Convertible Preferred Stock. The consideration for these purchases consisted
of both cash and Common Stock. In addition, in each such transaction, the preferred shareholder counterparty waived their rights to unpaid 

F- 26 

dividends
in arrears. In total, 22,500 shares of Series III Class B Convertible Preferred Stock, 342,500 shares of Series IV Class B Convertible
Preferred Stock, and 34,000 shares of Series V Class B Convertible Preferred Stock were purchased by the Company. The aggregate cash
consideration equaled 3,786,000, of which 482,670 was paid in 2020 with the rest payable over a three-year period beginning February
2021. The aggregate stock consideration was 754,000 shares of Common Stock. As a result of the transactions, 7,642,049 in unpaid dividends
in arrears were waived, as measured from the effective date of each transaction. 

Redemption of Class B Series I Preferred
Stock 

The Company caused a redemption of
its Class B Series I Preferred Stock on December 31, 2020 pursuant to the terms of the Certificate of Designation for such series of preferred
stock which required a redemption price of 7.50 per share. Pursuant to such redemption, all shares of the Class B Series I Preferred
Stock existing on December 31, 2020 (14,300 shares) were cancelled. 

20. PAYCHECK
PROTECTION PROGRAM LOAN 

On
April 17, 2020, the Company entered into a promissory note in the principal amount of 1,363,000 (the PPP Loan in favor
of Independent Bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security
Act (the CARES Act ), administered by the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA ). The PPP Loan s original
maturity date is April 17, 2022 and bears interest at a rate of 1.0 per annum. The PPP Loan may be prepaid by the Company at any time
prior to maturity with no prepayment penalties. The PPP Loan is unsecured and is a non-recourse obligation. The Company has requested
forgiveness for the PPP Loan but cannot be assured that such request will be granted. 

Assuming the PPP Loan is not forgiven,
the Company s obligations thereunder are as follows at December 31, 2020: 

2021 
 755,907 
 
 2022 
 607,093 

1,363,000 

21. COVID-19 

To
date, the Company s manufacturing facility in Little Elm, Texas has continued to operate due to its status as an essential business.
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has implemented certain safety precautions at its facility to reduce the risk of the
potential spread of the novel coronavirus. The Company has implemented arrangements to reduce the number of office staff employees working
on-site at the production facility, as well as instituting personal distancing policies and monitoring of essential production staff to
minimize the risk of infection. The Company continues to monitor the evolving situation and will work to further mitigate risks to staff
and to customers. The Company is continuing to evaluate the ever-changing circumstances surrounding this pandemic as it relates to its
ability to continue to source materials and products, maintain a workforce, and operate its business effectively and efficiently. Despite
the global disruption of the coronavirus pandemic, the Company has not experienced a significant disruption to its supply chain. During
2020, the Company has experienced an increase in demand for its products and has been able to meet such demand with increased volumes
despite the pandemic. The Company is unable to predict with certainty its ability to maintain its current operational functionality. 

22. TECHNOLOGY
INVESTMENT AGREEMENT 

Effective July 1, 2020, the Company
entered into the TIA with the U.S. government. The principal purpose of the TIA is to fund the expansion of the Company s manufacturing
capacity for hypodermic safety needles and corresponding syringes in response to the worldwide COVID-19 global pandemic. The award is
an expenditure-type TIA, whereby the U.S. government will make payments to the Company for the Company s expenditures for equipment
and supplies in carrying out the expansion of the Company s domestic production. The Company s contributions under the terms
of the TIA to enhance domestic capacity of pandemic-essential 

F- 27 

technology include providing facilities, technical expertise, labor, and
maintenance of the TIA-funded equipment for a ten-year term. 

As of December 31, 2020, the Company
has negotiated contracts for the purchase of automated assembly equipment, molds, and molding equipment, as well as portions of auxiliary
equipment, for approximately 41.5 million. As of March 2021, the Company has substantially completed construction of expanded facilities
consisting of approximately 27,800 square feet of additional controlled environment within existing properties and is expected to complete
approximately 55,000 square feet of new warehouse space within the second quarter of 2021. The estimated cost of the controlled environment
within existing properties is 6.4 million. The increase from the original 6 million estimate is due to change orders and an expedited
completion date in order to receive certain manufacturing equipment at an earlier date. The new warehouse space is estimated to cost 5.8
million. The cost of the controlled environment will be funded by the U.S. government under the TIA, while the cost of the new warehouse
will be funded by the Company. 

23. SUBSEQUENT
EVENTS 

The Department of Health and Human
Services entered into a contract with the Company on February 12, 2021 to supply low dead space safety syringes. The base price for the
contract and purchase order is 54,217,800 for the five-month base period of performance from February 15, 2021 to July 14, 2021. Such
price includes both the fixed price for the products as well as cost reimbursement for freight. The terms of the contract allow for extensions
at the option of the U.S. government for up to seven additional one-month periods. If all option periods are exercised, the value of the
contract could increase by an additional 92,772,680, including the price of the products and freight reimbursement. 

On March 16, 2021, the Company approved
the 2021 Stock Option Plan (the Plan and set aside and reserved 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance pursuant
to the Plan. The Plan is subject to shareholder approval at the May 11, 2021 shareholder meeting. The Plan provides for the granting of
incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options at a price equal to at least 100 of the fair market value of the Company s
Common Stock as of the date of grant. Participants in the Plan may include employees, consultants, and non-employee Directors. On March
16, 2021, the Company approved option grants to purchase 1,000,000, 250,000, and 100,000 shares of Common Stock to the Company s
chief executive officer, general counsel, and chief financial officer, respectively. These shares will vest in their entirety three years
from the grant date. No award shall be exercisable unless and until the Plan has been approved by the shareholders. 

F- 28 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 

There were no reportable disagreements with accountants
on accounting and financial disclosures. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), Management, with the participation of our President, Chairman,
and Chief Executive Officer, Thomas J. Shaw (the CEO ), and our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, John W. Fort
III (the CFO ), acting in their capacities as our principal executive and financial officers, evaluated the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act. The term disclosure controls and procedures
means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our periodic reports
is: i) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's (the
 SEC rules and forms; and ii) accumulated and communicated to our Management, including our principal executive and principal
financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon this evaluation, the CEO and CFO
concluded that, as of December 31, 2020, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management's Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange
Act. The term internal control over financial reporting means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive
and principal financial officers and effected by our Board of Directors, Management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that
in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and dispositions of assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that
our transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of Management and Directors;
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our
assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Management used the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013)
 issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as required by paragraph (c) of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act. Management, with the participation of our
CEO and CFO, concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020, was effective. No material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting were identified by Management. 

Our Management, including
the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent
or detect all errors and all instances of fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. 

Changes in
Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2020 or subsequent to December 31, 2020, which has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

17 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

The information in the sections
 Proposal The Election of Three Class 1 Directors and Corporate Governance in the 2021 proxy statement
is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information in the section
 Compensation in the 2021 proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information in the section
 Security Ownership in the 2021 proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. See also Item 5 of Part II of this Annual
Report for Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

Item 13.
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions , and Director Independence 

The information in the section
 Corporate Governance in the 2021 proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

The information in the section
 Accounting Matters in the 2021 proxy statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) 
 (1) 
 All financial statements: See Retractable Technologies, Inc. Index to Financial Statements on Page F-2. 

(2) 
 Those financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this form, and by paragraph (b) below. Schedule II-Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018: 

Balance at 
 beginning 
 of period 
 
 Additions 
 
 Deductions 

Balance at 
 end of period 

Provision for Inventories 

Fiscal year ended 2018 

594,939 

297,731 

297,208 

Fiscal year ended 2019 

297,208 

297,208 

Fiscal year ended 2020 

297,208 

297,208 

Provision for Accounts Receivable 

Fiscal year ended 2018 

101,872 

47,793 

149,665 

Fiscal year ended 2019 

149,665 

3,283 

146,382 

Fiscal year ended 2020 

146,382 

125,000 

65,560 

205,822 

Deferred Tax Valuation 

Fiscal year ended 2018 

5,825,954 

325,444 

6,151,398 

Fiscal year ended 2019 

6,151,398 

1,121,560 

5,029,838 

Fiscal year ended 2020 

5,029,838 

5,029,838 

18 

Balance at 
 beginning 
 of period 
 
 Additions 
 
 Deductions 

Balance at 
 end of period 

Provision for Rebates 

(A) 
 
 (B) 
 
 (C) 

Fiscal year ended 2018 

4,794,193 

24,372,111 

24,579,457 

4,586,847 

Fiscal year ended 2019 

4,586,847 

24,212,830 

24,526,108 

4,273,569 

Fiscal year ended 2020 

4,273,569 

26,104,612 

26,566,256 

3,811,925 

(A) 
 Represents estimated rebates deducted from gross revenues. 

(B) 
 Represents rebates credited to the distributor and charge offs
against the allowance. 

(C) 
 Includes 3,435,352; 3,586,726; and 3,896,341 in Accounts
payable for 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. 

(3) Exhibits: 

The following exhibits are
filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description
 of Document 
 
 3(i) 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Formation with Certificates of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class B Preferred Stock (all Series) (1) 

3(ii) 
 
 Fourth
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of RTI (2) 

4(i) 
 
 Restated
 Certificate of Formation with Certificates of Designation, Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Class B Preferred Stock (all Series)
 (3) 

4(vi) 
 
 Description
 of Securities (4) 

10.1 
 
 Sample
 United States Distribution Agreement (5) 

10.2 
 
 Sample
 Foreign Distribution Agreement (6) 

10.3 
 
 Employment
 Agreement between RTI and Thomas J. Shaw dated as of January 1, 2008 (This is a management compensation contract.) (7) 

10.4 
 
 Technology
 License Agreement between Thomas J. Shaw and RTI dated the 23 rd day of June, 1995 (8) 

10.5 
 
 First
 Amendment to Technology License Agreement between Thomas J. Shaw and RTI dated the 3rd day of July, 2008 (9) 

10.6 
 
 Second
 Amendment to Technology License Agreement between Thomas J. Shaw and Retractable Technologies, Inc. dated as of the 7th day of September,
 2012 (10) 

10.7 
 
 Retractable
 Technologies, Inc. First Amended 2008 Stock Option Plan (11) 

10.8 
 
 Voting
 Agreement Between Thomas J. Shaw and Suzanne August dated November 8, 2006 (12) 

10.9 
 
 Technology
 Investment Agreement between RTI and U.S. Department of Defense dated July 1, 2020 (13) 

19 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description of Document 

10.10 
 
 Agreement for the Purchase and Sale of Preferred Stock between RTI and Sovana Cayman Islands dated as of August 31, 2020 (14) 

10.11 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Note dated April 17, 2020 (15) 

10.12 
 
 2021 Stock Option Plan (16) 

14 
 
 Retractable Technologies, Inc. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (17) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer (18) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer (19) 

32 
 
 Section 1350 Certifications (20) 

101 
 
 The following materials from this report, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020, and 2019, (ii) the Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, (iii) the Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, (iv) the Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2020, 2019, and 2018, and (v) Notes to Financial Statements. (21) 

(1) Filed herewith 

 (2) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Form 8-K filed on May 13, 2010 

 (3) Filed herewith 

 (4) Filed herewith 

 (5) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed on June 23, 2000 

 (6) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed on June 23, 2000 

 (7) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI's Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2008 

 (8) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Registration Statement on Form 10-SB filed on June 23, 2000 

 (9) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Form 10-K filed on March 31, 2009 

 (10) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI's Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2012 

 (11) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI's Form 10-Q filed on November 14, 2014 

 (12) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Schedule TO filed on October 17, 2008 

 (13) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Form 10-Q filed on November 16, 2020 

 (14) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Form 8-K filed October 5, 2020 

 (15) Incorporated herein
by reference to RTI s Form 8-K filed April 22, 2020 

 (16) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Schedule 14A filed March 31, 2021 

 (17) Incorporated herein by
reference to RTI s Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2020 

 (18) Filed herewith 

 (19) Filed herewith 

 (20) Filed herewith 

 (21) Filed herewith 

(c) Excluded Financial Statement Schedules: None 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Thomas J.
 Shaw 

THOMAS J. SHAW 

CHAIRMAN, PRESIDENT, AND 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

March 31, 2021 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

/s/John W. Fort
 III 

JOHN W. FORT III 

VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER, PRINCIPAL
 ACCOUNTING OFFICER, TREASURER, AND DIRECTOR 

March 31, 2021 

/s/ Amy Mack 

AMY MACK 

DIRECTOR 

March 31, 2021 

/s/ Marco Laterza 

MARCO LATERZA 

DIRECTOR 

March 31, 2021 

/s/ Walter O.
 Bigby, Jr. 

WALTER O. BIGBY, JR. 

DIRECTOR 

March 31, 2021 

/s/ Darren E.
 Findley 

DARREN E. FINDLEY 

DIRECTOR 

March 31, 2021 

21 

<EX-3.(I)>
 2
 tm211029d1_ex3i4i.htm
 EXHIBIT 3(I) AND 4(I)

Exhibit 3(i) and 4(i) 

RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION 

OF 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

I, the undersigned natural
person of the age of eighteen (18) years or more, do hereby adopt the following Restated Certificate of Formation for a corporation under
the Texas Business Organizations Code: 

ARTICLE I 

The Corporation is a for-profit
corporation. The name of the Corporation is Retractable Technologies, Inc. 

ARTICLE II 

The period of its duration
is perpetual. 

ARTICLE III 

The purpose for which the
Corporation is organized is the transaction of any or all lawful business for which corporations may be incorporated under the Texas Business
Organizations Code. 

ARTICLE IV 

4.01 
 The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue is 100,000,000 shares of Common Stock, no par value, 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class A with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share; 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class B with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share; and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class C with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share. 

4.02 
 The Corporation is authorized to issue four classes of stock, one designated as Common Stock, no par value, one designated as Preferred Stock Class A, par value One Dollar 1.00) per share; one designated as Preferred Stock Class B, par value One Dollar 1.00) per share; and one designated as Preferred Stock Class C, par value One Dollar 1.00) per share. Provided, however, that none of the shares of Preferred Stock of any class shall carry any voting rights for the election of Directors or for any other matters, except where specifically designated herein or required by the applicable provisions of the Texas Business Organizations Code. 

4.03 
 The Directors shall have the authority to divide each class of the Preferred Stock into series and to set the relative rights and preferences as to and between series, including dividends, issuance of Preferred Stock, redemption of such shares and the conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock to other or common shares. Prior to the issuance of any Preferred Stock of a series established by resolution adopted by the Directors, the Corporation shall file with the Secretary of State the statement required by Section 21.156 of the Texas Business Organizations Code. 

4.04 
 The relative rights and preferences of the shares of the Series II Preferred Stock Class B are set forth in the Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series II Class B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation filed on May 27, 1997, which certificate is attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes as Exhibit A. 

4.05 
 The relative rights and preferences of the shares of the Series III Preferred Stock Class B are set forth in the Certificate of Designation, Preferences, Rights, and Limitations of Series III Class B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation as amended on January 22, 2010, which certificate is attached hereto and incorporated herein for all purposes as Exhibit B. 

ARTICLE V 

Cumulative voting is expressly
prohibited. 

ARTICLE VI 

The street address of its
registered office is 2100 Ross Avenue, Suite 2600, Dallas, TX 75201 and the name of its registered agent is Ralph S. Janvey. 

ARTICLE VII 

The Directors of the Corporation
shall be not less than three (3) nor more than twenty-one (21) in number and the name and address of the directors who are to serve
until the annual meeting of year indicated or until their successors are elected and qualified or until their term is terminated are as
follows: 

Director 
 
 Address 
 
 Term Expires 
 
 Thomas J. Shaw 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2022 

John W. Fort III 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2022 

Marco Laterza 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2021 

Amy Mack 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2021 

Walter O. Bigby, Jr. 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2022 

Darren E. Findley 

511 Lobo Lane 
 PO Box 9 
 Little Elm, TX 75068-0009 
 
 2021 

ARTICLE VIII 

The name and address of the incorporator are intentionally
omitted. 

ARTICLE IX 

Corporate Governance 

a) 
 Number, Election, and Terms of Directors . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by a Board of Directors, which, subject to the rights of holders of shares of any class of series of Preferred Stock of the Corporation then outstanding to elect additional directors under specified circumstances, shall consist of not less than three nor more than twenty-one persons. The exact number of directors within the minimum and maximum limitations specified in the preceding sentence shall be fixed from time to time by either (i) the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by the majority of the entire Board of Directors, or (ii) the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 or more of the voting power of all of the 

shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class. No decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director; provided, however, that the term of existing Directors may be shortened to comply with this Article IX and/or the Texas Business Organizations Code. The directors shall be divided into two classes as nearly equal in number as possible, where the term of office of the first class expired at the 2001 annual meeting of stockholders, and the term of office of the second class expired at the 2002 annual meeting of stockholders, and with the members of each class to hold office until their successors shall have been elected and qualified. At each annual meeting of stockholders following such initial classification and election, directors elected to succeed those directors shall be elected for a term of office to expire at the second succeeding annual meeting of stockholders after their election. 

b) 
 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies. Vacancies of generally elected directors may be filled by a majority vote of the remaining generally elected directors, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining generally elected director. Vacancies of directors elected pursuant to a dividend default election by preferred shareholders shall be filled by the remaining directors so elected or by a sole remaining director elected by such shareholders, if any. In the event that no directors elected pursuant to a dividend default election remain, the vacancy may be filled by a vote of those shareholders that originally elected the director whose office is vacant. 

c) 
 Removal. Any director, or the entire Board of Directors, may be removed from office at any annual or special meeting called for such purpose, and then only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 or more of the voting power of all of the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of such director(s) being removed. As used herein, cause shall mean only the following: proof that a director has been convicted of a felony, committed a grossly negligent or willful misconduct resulting in a material detriment to the Corporation, or committed a material breach of his or her fiduciary duty to the Corporation resulting in a material detriment to the Corporation. 

d) 
 Amendment, Repeal, etc. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of Formation to the contrary and subject to the rights of the holders of any Preferred Stock outstanding, the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 or more of the voting power of all of the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of Directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to alter, amend, or adopt any provision inconsistent with or repeal this Article IX or to alter, amend, adopt any provision inconsistent with or repeal comparable sections of the bylaws of the Corporation. 

e) 
 Call of Special Meeting to Alter Article IX . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Certificate of Formation to the contrary, the affirmative vote of the holders of 66-2/3 or more of the voting power of all of the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required to call a special meeting of the shareholders in order to alter, amend, adopt any provision inconsistent with or repeal this Article IX, or to alter, amend, or adopt any provision inconsistent with comparable sections of the bylaws of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE X 

The Board of Directors is
hereby authorized to create and issue, whether or not in connection with the issuance and sale of any of its stock or other securities,
rights (the Rights entitling the holders thereof to purchase from the Corporation shares of capital stock or other securities.
The times at which and the terms upon which the Rights are to be issued will be determined by the Board of Directors and set forth in
the contracts or instruments that evidence the Rights. The authority of the Board of Directors with respect to the Rights shall include,
but not be limited to, determination of the following: 

a) 
 The initial purchase price per share of the capital stock or other securities of the Corporation to be purchased upon exercise of the Rights. 

b) 
 Provisions relating to the times at which and the circumstances under which the Rights may be exercised or sold or otherwise transferred, either together with or separately from, any other securities of the Corporation. 

c) 
 Provisions that adjust the number or exercise price of the Rights or amount or nature of the securities or other property receivable upon exercise of the Rights in the event of a combination, split, or recapitalization of any capital stock of the Corporation, a change in ownership of the Corporation s securities, or a reorganization, merger, consolidation, sale of assets, or other occurrence relating to the Corporation or any capital stock of the Corporation, and provisions restricting the ability of the Corporation to enter into any such transaction absent an assumption by the other party or parties thereto of the obligations of the Corporation under such Rights. 

d) 
 Provisions that deny the holder of a specified percentage of the outstanding securities of the Corporation the right to exercise the Rights and/or cause the Rights held by such holder to become void. 

e) 
 Provisions that permit the Corporation to redeem the Rights. 

f) 
 The appointment of a Rights agent with respect to the Rights. 

ARTICLE XI 

No holder of any shares of
the Corporation shall have any preemptive right to subscribe or acquire any additional, unissued or treasury shares of the Corporation
or any securities of the Corporation which are convertible into or which carry a right to subscribe for or acquire shares of the Corporation. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Thomas
J. Shaw, the President of the Corporation, has executed this Restated Certificate of Formation of Retractable Technologies, Inc.
effective as of the 16th day of March, 2021. 

RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

BY: 
 /s/ Thomas J. Shaw 

THOMAS J. SHAW 

PRESIDENT 

CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES 

 RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF THE SERIES II CLASS B 

 CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 

 OF 

 RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Pursuant to Texas law and
its Certificate of Formation, Retractable Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of
Texas (the Corporation), 

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that
pursuant to the authority conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Corporation by the Certificate of Formation, as amended, and pursuant
to Texas law, said Board of Directors, by unanimous written consent executed May 10, 1995, adopted a resolution providing for the
creation of a series of Preferred Stock consisting of not more than five million (5,000,000) shares of Series II Class B Convertible
Preferred Stock, which resolution is and reads as follows: 

RESOLVED that, pursuant to
the authority provided in the Corporation s Certificate of Formation and expressly granted to and vested in the Board of Directors
of Retractable Technologies, Inc. (the Corporation ), the Board of Directors hereby creates out of the Preferred Stock,
par value one dollar per share, of the Corporation a series of Series II Class B Preferred Stock consisting of not more than
five million (5,000,000) shares, and the Board of Directors hereby fixes the designation and the powers, preference and rights, and the
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, to the extent not otherwise provided in the Corporation s qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, to the extent not otherwise provided in the Corporation s Certificate of Formation, as follows: 

1. Designation of Series .
The designation of the series of Preferred Stock created by this resolution shall be Series II Class B Convertible Preferred
Stock (the Series II Class B Preferred Stock ). 

2. Dividends on Series II
Class B Preferred Stock . 

a. Dividend Amount .
The holders of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, in any calendar year, if, when and as declared
by the Board of Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available therefor and subject to the further limitations set out herein,
dividends at the per annum rate of 1.00 per share, all such dividends due quarterly in arrears as of the last day of each March, June,
September and December of each year, the first dividend being declarable on December 31, 1997. On each date which a dividend
may be declared is hereafter called the Dividend Date, and each quarterly period ending with a Dividend Date is hereinafter
referred to as the Dividend Period. Dividends shall be payable fifteen calendar days after the Dividend Due Date, provided
however, that if such date on which a dividend is payable is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, such dividend shall be payable on the
next following business day to the holders of record (whether singular or plural, the Holder ). 

b. Dividends Cumulative .
Dividends upon the Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be accrued and be cumulative, whether or not in any Dividend Period
or Periods there shall be funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of such dividends. 

c. Dividend Accrual .
On each Dividend Due Date all dividends which shall have accrued since the last Dividend Due Date on each share of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock outstanding on such Dividend Due Date shall accumulate and be deemed to become due. Any dividend which shall
not be paid on the Dividend Due Date on which it shall become due shall be deemed to be past due until such dividend shall
be paid or until the share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock with respect to which such dividend became due shall no longer
be outstanding, whichever is the earlier to occur. No interest, sum of money in lieu of interest or other property or securities shall
be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which are past due. Dividends paid on shares of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock in an amount less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accumulated and payable on such shares shall be
allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the time outstanding. Dividend payments made with respect to a Dividend
Due Date shall be deemed to be made in payment of the dividends which became due on that Dividend Due Date. 

EXHIBIT A 

d. Dividend Arrearage .
If a dividend upon any shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock is in arrears, all dividends or other distributions declared
upon shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock (other than dividends paid in stock of the Corporation ranking junior
to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up) may only be declared
pro rata. Except as set forth above, if a dividend upon any shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock is in arrears: (i) no
dividends (in cash, stock or other property) may be paid or declared and set aside for payment or any other distribution made upon any
stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends (other than dividends of distributions
in stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution
or winding up); and (ii) no stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends
may be (A) redeemed pursuant to a sinking fund or otherwise, except (1) by means of redemption pursuant to which all outstanding
shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock are redeemed, or (2) by conversion of any such junior stock into, or exchange
of any such junior stock into, or exchange of any such junior stock for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series II
Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or (B) purchased or otherwise acquired
for any consideration by the Corporation except (1) pursuant to an acquisition made pursuant to the terms of one or more offers
to purchase all of the outstanding shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock, which offers shall each have been accepted
by the holders of at least 50 of the shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock receiving such offer outstanding at the
commencement of the first of such purchase offers, or (2) by conversion into or exchange for stock of the Corporation ranking junior
to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

3. General, Class and
Series Voting Rights . Except as provided in this Section 3 and in Section 4 hereof or as otherwise from time to time
required by law, the Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. 

So long as any shares of
Series II Class B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least fifty-one (51 percent of the
shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time voting separately as a class, given in person or by proxy,
either in writing at any special or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or
more of the following: 

(i) The authorization,
creation or issuance, or any increase in the authorized or issued amount, of any class or series of stock (including any class or series
of Preferred Stock) ranking equal or prior (as the terms are hereinafter defined in this Section 3) to the Series II Class B
Preferred Stock; or 

(ii) The
amendment, alteration or repeal, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of Formation
or of this resolution which would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of the Series II Class B
Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely; provided, however, that any increase in the amount of authorized Preferred Stock, or the
creation and issuance of other series of Preferred Stock ranking junior to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock with respect
to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to adversely
affect such powers, preferences or special rights. 

The foregoing voting provisions
shall not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected,
all outstanding shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or sufficient funds shall have been deposited
in trust to effect such redemption. 

4. Default Voting Rights .
Whenever, at any time or times, dividends payable on the shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be in arrears for
twelve (12) consecutive quarterly dividend periods, the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock shall have the exclusive right (voting separately as a class) to elect one-third of the Board of Directors of the Corporation
at the Corporation s next annual meeting of stockholders (to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders, and until their
successors are duly elected and qualified) and at each subsequent annual meeting of stockholders so long as such arrearage shall continue,
and the Common Stock voting separately as a class, shall be entitled to elect the remainder of the Board of Directors of the Corporation.
At elections for such directors, each holder of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share
of Preferred Stock held. The right of the holders of Series II Class B Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, to elect
members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation as aforesaid shall continue until such time as all dividends accumulated on the Series II
Class B Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full, at which time such right shall 

EXHIBIT A 

terminate, except as herein or by law expressly
provided, subject to revesting in the event of each and every subsequent default of the character above mentioned. 

Directors elected by the
holders of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall continue to serve as such directors until such time as all dividends accumulated
on the Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full, at which time the term of office of all persons elected
as directors by the holders of shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall forthwith terminate. In the case of any vacancy
in the office of a director occurring among the directors elected by the holder of a class (with the Series II Class B Preferred
Stock and Common Stock being treated as separate classes) of stock, the remaining directors so elected by that class may by affirmative
vote of a majority thereof (or the remaining director so elected if there be but one) elect a successor or successors to hold office for
the unexpired term of the director or directors whose place or places shall be vacant. Any director who shall have been elected by the
holders of a class of stock or by any directors so elected as provided in the next preceding sentence hereof may be removed during the
aforesaid term of office, either for or without cause, by, and only by, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares
of the class of stock who elected such director or directors, given either at a special meeting of such shareholders duly called for that
purpose or pursuant to a written consent of shareholders, and any vacancy thereby created may be filled by the holders of that class of
stock represented at such meeting or pursuant to such written consent. Whenever the term of office of the directors elected by the holders
of Series II Class B Preferred Stock voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in the holders of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock voting as a class shall end and the special voting powers vested in the holders of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock as provided in this Section 4 shall have expired, the number of directors shall be such number as may be provided
for in the Certificate of Formation or Bylaws irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of this Section 4. 

5. Redemption . The
outstanding shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be nonredeemable prior to the lapse of three (3) years from
the date of issuance. On and after such date, the Series II Class B Preferred Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Corporation,
as a whole at any time or in part from time to time, at the Redemption Price of 15.00 per share plus all dividends (whether or not declared
or due) accrued and unpaid to the date of redemption (subject to the right of the holder of record of shares of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock on a record date for the payment of a dividend on the Series II Class B Preferred Stock to receive the dividend
due on such shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock on the corresponding Dividend Due Date). 

No sinking fund shall be
established for the Series II Class B Preferred Stock. 

Notice of any proposed redemption
of shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be mailed by means of first class mail, postage paid, addressed to the
holders of record of the shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at their respective addresses then appearing
on the books of the Corporation, at least thirty (30) but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date fixed for such redemption (herein
referred to as the Redemption Date ). Each such notice shall specify (i) the Redemption Date; (ii) the Redemption
Price; (iii) the place for payment and for delivering the stock certificate(s) and transfer instrument(s) in order to collect
the Redemption Price; (iv) the shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed; and (v) the then effective
Conversion Price (as defined below) and that the right of holders of shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock being redeemed
to exercise their conversion right shall terminate as to such shares at the close of business on the fifth day before the Redemption Date
(provided that no default by the Corporation in the payment of the applicable Redemption Price [including any accrued and unpaid dividends]
shall have occurred and be continuing). Any notice mailed in such manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been duly given whether
or not such notice is in fact received. If less than all the outstanding shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock are to
be redeemed, the Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or by a substantially equivalent method. In order to facilitate the
redemption of Series II Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, which shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption
Date with respect thereto. 

The holder of any shares
of Series II Class B Preferred Stock redeemed upon any exercise of the Corporation s redemption right shall not be entitled
to receive payment of the Redemption Price for such shares until such holder shall cause to be delivered to the place specified in the
notice given with respect to such redemption (i) the certificate(s) representing such shares of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock; and (ii) transfer instrument(s) satisfactory to the Corporation and sufficient to transfer such shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock to the Corporation free of any adverse interest. No interest shall accrue on the Redemption Price of any
share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock after its Redemption Date. 

EXHIBIT A 

Subject to Section 2
hereof, the Corporation shall have the right to purchase shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock from the owner of such
shares on such terms as may be agreeable to such owner. Shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock may be acquired by the Corporation
from any stockholder pursuant to this paragraph without offering any other stockholder an equal opportunity to sell his stock to the Corporation,
and no purchase by the Corporation from any stockholder pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed to create any right on the part of
any stockholder to sell any shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock (or any other stock) to the Corporation. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions of this Section 5, and subject to the provisions of Section 2 hereof, if a dividend upon any shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock is past due, (i) no shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock may be redeemed, except
(A) by means of a redemption pursuant to which all outstanding shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock are simultaneously
redeemed (or offered to be so redeemed) or pursuant to which the outstanding shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock
are redeemed on a pro rata basis (or offered to be so redeemed), or (B) by conversion of shares of Series II Class B Preferred
Stock into, or exchange of such shares for, Common Stock or any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series II Class B
Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

6. Liquidation . In
the event of any voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation (for the purposes of this Section 6,
a Liquidation ), before any distribution of assets shall be made to the holders of the Common Stock or the holders of any
other stock that ranks junior to the Series II Class B Preferred Stock in respect of distributions upon the Liquidation of the
Corporation, the holder of each share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to 12.50 per
share plus all dividends (whether or not declared or due) accrued and unpaid on such share on the date fixed for the distribution of assets
of the Corporation to the holders of Series II Class B Preferred Stock. 

If upon any Liquidation of
the Corporation, the assets available for distribution to the holder of Series II Class B Preferred Stock which shall then be
outstanding (hereinafter in this paragraph called the Total Amount Available shall be insufficient to pay the holders of
all outstanding shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock the full amounts (including all dividends accrued and unpaid) to
which they shall be entitled by reason of such Liquidation of the Corporation, then there shall be paid ratably to the holders of the
Series II Class B Preferred Stock in connection with such Liquidation of the Corporation, an amount equal to each holder s
pro rata share of the Total Amount Available. 

The voluntary sale, conveyance,
lease, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all the property or assets of the Corporation, or the merger or consolidation of the
Corporation into another corporation, or any purchase or redemption of some or all of the shares of any class or series of stock of the
Corporation, shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation of the corporation for the purposes of this Section 6 (unless in connection
therewith the Liquidation of the Corporation is specifically approved). 

7. Conversion Privilege .
At any time subsequent to three years after issuance of any share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock, the holder of any share
of Series II Class B Preferred Stock Holder shall have the right, at such Holder s option (but if such
share is called for redemption or exchange at the election of the Corporation, then in respect of such share only to and including but
not after the close of business on (i) the fifth calendar day before the date fixed for such redemption; or (ii) the date fixed
for such exchange, provided that the Corporation has set aside funds sufficient to effect such redemption) to convert such share into
that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (calculated as to each conversion to the nearest 1/100th of a share)
obtained by dividing 10.00 by the Conversion Rate then in effect. 

a. Conversion
Rate . Each share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock may be converted, subject to the terms and provisions of this paragraph
7 into one (1) share of the Corporation s Common Stock, which is a price equal to one share of Common Stock for each 10.00
of Series II Class B Preferred Stock or, in case an adjustment of such rate has taken place pursuant to the provisions of subdivision
(f.) of this paragraph (7), then at the Conversion Rate as last adjusted (such rate or adjusted rate, shall be expressed as the number
of shares of Common Stock to be acquired upon conversion of one share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock, and shall be referred
to herein as the Conversion Rate ). Each share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be Convertible into Common
Stock by surrender to the Corporation of the certificate representing such shares of Series II Class 

EXHIBIT A 

B Preferred Stock to be
converted by the Holder and by giving written notice to the Corporation of the Holder s election to convert. 

The Corporation
shall, as soon as practicable after receipt of such written notice and the proper surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates
representing shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock to be converted in accordance with the above provisions, issue and
deliver for the benefit of the Holder at the office of the Corporation s duly appointed transfer agent (the Transfer Agent to the Holder for whose account such shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock were so surrendered or to such Holder s
nominee or nominees, certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled. The certificates of
Common Stock of the Corporation issued upon conversion shall bear such legends as may be required by state or federal laws. Such conversion
shall be deemed to have been effective immediately prior to the close of business on the date on which the Corporation shall have received
both such written notice and the properly surrendered certificates for shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock to be converted
(the Conversion Date ), and at such time the rights of the Holder shall cease and the person or persons entitled to receive
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be deemed
to be, and shall be treated for all purposes as, the record Holder or Holders of such Common Stock on the Conversion Date. The Corporation
shall not be required to convert, and no surrender of shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock or written notice of conversion
with respect thereto shall be effected for that purpose, while the stock transfer books of the Corporation are closed for any reasonable
business purpose for any reasonable period of time, but shall be required to convert upon the proper surrender of shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock for conversion immediately upon the reopening of such books. During the period in which the stock transfer
books of the Corporation are closed, the Corporation may neither declare a dividend, declare a record date for payment of dividends nor
make any payment of dividends. 

b. Dividends .
If any shares of Class B Preferred Stock shall be converted during any dividend payment period, the Holder shall be entitled to all
dividends accrued up to and through such Conversion Date, at the rate set forth herein, whether or not there has been a Dividend Date,
as set forth in paragraph 2 hereof. 

c. Cancellation .
Class B Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph (7) shall be retired and cancelled
by the Corporation and given the status of authorized and unissued preferred stock. 

d. Reissuance
if Conversion is Partial . In the case of any certificate representing shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock which
is surrendered for conversion only in part, the Corporation shall issue and deliver to the Holder a new certificate or certificates for
Series II Class B Preferred Stock of such denominations as requested by the Holder in the amount of Series II Class B
Preferred Stock equal to the unconverted shares of the Series II Class B Preferred Stock represented by the certificate so surrendered. 

e. Reservations
of Shares . The Corporation shall at all times during which shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock may be converted
into Common Stock as provided in this paragraph (e), reserve and keep available, out of any Common Stock held as treasury stock or out
of its authorized and unissued Common Stock, or both, solely for the purpose of delivery upon conversion of the shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock as herein provided, such number of shares of Common Stock as shall then be sufficient to effect the conversion
of all shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding, and shall take such action as may from time
to time be necessary to ensure that such shares of Common Stock will, when issued upon conversion of Series II Class B Preferred
Stock, be fully paid and nonassessable. 

f. Adjustment
of Conversion Rate . The Conversion Rate provided in subdivision (a) of this paragraph (7), in respect of Class B Preferred
Stock, shall be subject to adjustments from time to time as follows: 

(i) While
any shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, in case the Corporation shall subdivide the outstanding
shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock or combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller
number of shares of Common Stock, or issue, by reclassification of its shares of Common Stock any shares of the Corporation, the Conversion
Rate in effect immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted so that the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of shares which
it would have owned or been entitled to receive after the 

EXHIBIT A 

happening of any of the events described above, had such shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock been converted immediately prior to the happening of such event, such adjustment to become effective immediately
after the opening of business on the day following the day upon which such subdivision or combination or reclassification, as the case
may be, becomes effective. 

(ii) In case
the Corporation shall be consolidated with, or merge into, any other corporation, and the Corporation does not survive, proper provisions
shall be made as a part of the terms of such consolidation or merger, whereby the Holder shall thereafter be entitled, upon exercise of
such Holder s conversion rights, to receive the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation resulting
from such consolidation or merger, or such other property, as the Holder would have received if such conversion rights were exercised
immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger or consolidation. 

(iii) In
the event the Corporation at any time, or from time to time after June 15, 1997 makes or issues, or fixes a record date for the determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common
Stock Equivalents (as defined herein) which does not provide for the payment of any consideration upon the issuance, conversion or exercise
thereof, without a corresponding dividend or other distribution to the Holder, based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which
the Series II Class B Preferred Stock is convertible, then and in each such event the Conversion Rate then in effect will be
increased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such
record date, by multiplying such Conversion Rate by a fraction: 

(A) The numerator
of which will be the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution (which,
in the case of Common Stock Equivalents, shall mean the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect thereto, as set
forth in the instrument relative thereto without regard to any provision for subsequent adjustment); and 

(B) The denominator
of which will be the total number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of such issuance or the
close of business on such record date; 

provided, however, that if such record
date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion
Rate will be recomputed accordingly as of the close of business on such record date, and thereafter such Conversion Rate will be adjusted
pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or distributions. 

(iv) In the
event the Corporation at any time or from time to time after June 15, 1997 makes or issues, or fixes a record date for the determination
of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution payable to all holders of Common Stock in securities of
the Corporation or Common Stock Equivalents, then, upon making such dividend or distribution provisions will be made so that the Holder
will receive the amount of securities of the Corporation which it would have received had its Series II Class B Preferred Stock
been converted into Common Stock on the date of such event. 

(v) In the
event the Corporation sells or issues any Common Stock, or sells or issues Common Stock Equivalents which can be converted into Common
Stock at a per share consideration (as defined below in this subparagraph (v)) less than the Stipulated Price then in effect, then the
Holder shall be entitled to purchase from the Corporation in cash (for the same per share consideration at which such Common Stock was
issued or the per share price at which a share of Common Stock is acquirable upon exercise or conversion of Common Stock Equivalents)
that additional number of shares of Common Stock which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable by the Holder upon
conversion of any shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock outstanding and held by such Holder immediately before such issue
or sale (the Acquirable Shares ), will equal a percentage of the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as
defined herein) immediately after such sale or issuance that is the same as the 

EXHIBIT A 

percentage of the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed
Outstanding immediately before such issuance or sale represented by the Acquirable Shares. This right shall exist for a forty-five-day
period following the sale or issuance of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, and thereafter shall cease to exist. 

For the above
purposes, the per share consideration with respect to the sale or issuance of Common Stock will be the price per share received by the
Corporation, prior to the payment of any expenses, commissions, discounts and other applicable costs. With respect to the sale or issuance
of Common Stock Equivalents which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock without further consideration, the per share consideration
will be determined by dividing the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents (as
set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any provisions contained therein for subsequent adjustment of such number)
into the aggregate consideration receivable by the Corporation upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents. With respect
to the issuance of other Common Stock Equivalents, the per share consideration will be determined by dividing the maximum number of shares
of Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the total aggregate consideration received by the Corporation
upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration received by the
Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents. In connection with the sale or issuance of Common Stock
and/or Common Stock Equivalents for non-cash consideration, the amount of consideration will be the fair market value of such consideration
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

(vi) As used
herein, the term Stipulated Price means initial price of 10.00 per share of Common Stock, as adjusted from time to time
pursuant to subparagraph (viii) of this paragraph 7(f); and the term Common Stock Equivalent means any securities (whether
debt or equity securities) or rights issued by the Corporation convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive shares of,
or securities convertible into, Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding at any date shall
equal the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding plus the number of shares of Common Stock then obtainable pursuant
to Common Stock Equivalents. 

(vii) In
the event the Corporation declares any dividend or distribution payable to holders of its Common Stock (other than dividends payable out
of the Corporation s retained earnings or earned surplus and dividends payable in shares of Common Stock or in securities convertible
into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or rights or warrants to purchase Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable
for shares of Common Stock or any other securities issued by the Corporation), the Conversion Rate in effect immediately prior to the
record date for such dividend or distribution shall be proportionately adjusted so that the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number
of shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock was convertible immediately prior to such record date
multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on such record date and the denominator
of which is such per share fair market value of a share of Common Stock on such record date less the fair market value on such record
date of the securities or other property which are distributed as a dividend or other distribution. The term fair market value 
of a share of Common Stock or of any other security or other type of property on any date means (A) in the case of Common Stock or
any other security (I) if the principal trading market for such Common Stock or other security is an exchange or the NASDAQ national
market on such date, the closing price on such exchange or the NASDAQ national market on such date, provided, if trading of such Common
Stock or other security is listed on any consolidated tape, the fair market value shall be the closing price set forth on such consolidated
tape on such date, or (II) if the principal market for such Common Stock or other security is the over-the-counter market (other
than the NASDAQ national market) the mean between the closing bid and asked prices on such date as set forth by NASDAQ or (B) in
the case of Common Stock or any other security for which the fair market value cannot be determined pursuant to clause (A) above
or of any other security or type of property, fair market value thereof on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. 

EXHIBIT A 

(viii) Whenever
the Conversion Rate is adjusted pursuant to this paragraph 7(f), the Stipulated Price shall also be adjusted by multiplying it by a fraction
that is the reciprocal of the fraction used to adjust the Conversion Rate. 

(ix) The
Corporation will not, by amendment of its Certificate of Formation or through any dissolution, issuance or sale of securities or any
other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder
by the Corporation, but at all times in good faith will assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this paragraph and in the
taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the conversion rights of the Holder against impairment. 

(x) No adjustment
in the Conversion Rate shall be required, unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one (1) share
of Common Stock in the Conversion Rate of one share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock, provided that all adjustments which
do not meet this minimum requirement shall be cumulated and the adjustment will be made when the cumulated total is sufficient to require
an adjustment. All calculations made pursuant to this subparagraph (x) of paragraph 7(f) shall be made to the nearest one-hundredth
(1/100th) of a share of Common Stock. 

g. Fractional
Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock or scrip representing fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon any conversion
of shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock but, in lieu thereof, there shall be paid an amount in cash equal to the same
fraction of the current market price of a whole share of Common Stock on the day preceding the day of conversion. 

h. Statement
to Transfer Agent . Whenever the Conversion Rate for shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock shall be adjusted pursuant
to the provisions of paragraph 7(f) hereof, the Corporation shall forthwith maintain at its office and, if applicable, file with
the Transfer Agent for shares of Series II Class B Preferred Stock and for shares of Common Stock, a statement signed by the
President or a Vice President of the Corporation and by its Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, stating the adjusted Conversion Rate
and setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation and the facts requiring such adjustment, such calculations to be confirmed
by the Corporation s independent auditors, and stating the facts on which the calculation is based. Each adjustment shall remain
in effect until a subsequent adjustment hereunder is required. 

8. Registration Rights . 

a. Piggyback Registration .
The Corporation, for a period ending six months after the last share of Series II Class B Preferred Stock is redeemed, retired,
converted or otherwise no longer outstanding, will give written notice to the Holder not less than 20 days in advance of the initial
filing of any registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (other than a registration Statement pertaining to securities issuable
pursuant to employee stock option, stock purchase, or similar plans or a registration statement pertaining to securities issuable in
connection with the acquisition of a business, whether through merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets, or exchange of securities)
covering any Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation, and will afford the Holder the opportunity to have included in such
registration all or such part of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of Series II Class B Preferred Stock,
as may be designated by written notice to the Corporation not later than 10 days following receipt of such notice from the Corporation.
The Corporation shall be entitled to exclude the shares of Common Stock held by the Holder from any one, but not more than one, such
registration if the Corporation is advised by its investment banking firm that the inclusion of such shares will, in the opinion of such
investment banking firm, materially interfere with the orderly sale and distribution of the securities being offered under such registration
statement by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Corporation shall not be entitled to exclude the shares of Common Stock
held by the Holder if shares of other shareholders are being included in any such registration statement and, in such circumstances,
the Holder shall be entitled to include the shares of Common Stock held by them on a pro rata basis in the proportion that the number
of shares of Common Stock held by the Holder bears to the shares of Common Stock held by all other shareholders, including shares in
such registration statement. The Holder shall not be entitled to include shares in more than two registration statements pursuant to
the provisions of this subdivision (a) of paragraph 8, and all rights of the Holder under this subdivision (a) of paragraph
8 shall terminate after the Holder has included shares of Common Stock in two registration statements pursuant to this subdivision (a) of
paragraph 8. 

EXHIBIT A 

b. Expenses . The
Corporation will pay all out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any registration effected pursuant to the provisions of subdivision (a) of
this paragraph 8, including registration fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing expenses (including such number of any preliminary
and the final prospectus as may be reasonably requested), blue sky qualification fees and expenses, and all other expenses, except for
underwriting commissions or discounts applicable to the shares of Common Stock being sold by the Holder and the fees of counsel for the
Holder, all of which shall be paid by the Holder. 

c. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary contained herein, in the event that the Corporation files an initial registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (other than a registration statement pertaining to securities issuable in connection with the acquisition of a business,
whether through merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets or exchange of securities) concerning any Common Stock of the Corporation,
it will afford the Holder the opportunity to convert his shares into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock
prior to the three year holding period stated in paragraph 7 above. The Corporation may also, at its option, accelerate its redemption
rights pursuant to paragraph 4 above in the event that the Corporation files an initial registration statement under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended. 

9. Reports . 

So long as any of the Series II
Class B Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the Corporation shall submit to the Holder financial reports no less frequently than
annually. 

10. Miscellaneous . 

a. As used herein, the term
 Common Stock shall mean the Corporation s Common Stock, no par value, or, in the case of any reclassification or
change of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the stock or securities issued in exchange for such Common Stock. The term Common
Stock shall also include any capital stock of the Corporation authorized after June 15, 1995 which shall not be limited to
a fixed sum or sums or percentage or percentages of par value in respect of the rights of the holders thereof to participate in dividends
or in the distribution of assets upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

b. The shares of Series II
Class B Preferred Stock shall be fully transferable by the Holder thereof, subject to compliance with the applicable provisions
of federal and state securities laws. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, RETRACTABLE
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. has caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this Certificate to be signed by its President and Secretary
this 10 th day of May, 1997. 

/s/ Thomas J. Shaw 

President 

ATTEST: 

/s/ Shayne Blythe 

Secretary 

EXHIBIT A 

AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES,
RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS 

 OF THE SERIES III CLASS B CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED
STOCK 

 OF 

 RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Pursuant to the Texas law and its Certificate
of Formation, as amended, Retractable Technologies, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Texas
(the Corporation), 

DOES HEREBY CERTIFY that pursuant to the authority
conferred upon the Board of Directors of the Corporation by the Certificate of Formation, as amended, and pursuant to Texas law, said
Board of Directors, by unanimous written consent executed July 2, 1998, adopted a resolution providing for the creation of a series
of Preferred Stock consisting of not more than two million (2,000,000) shares of Series III Class B Convertible Preferred Stock,
which resolution is and reads as follows: 

RESOLVED that, pursuant to the authority provided
in the Corporation s Certificate of Formation and expressly granted to and vested in the Board of Directors of Retractable Technologies, Inc.
(the Corporation ), the Board of Directors hereby creates out of the Preferred Stock, par value one 1.00) dollar per share,
of the Corporation a series of Preferred Stock called the Series III Class B Preferred Stock, consisting of not more than two
million (2,000,000) shares, and the Board of Directors hereby fixes the designation and the powers, preference and rights, and the qualifications,
limitations and restrictions thereof, to the extent not otherwise provided in the Corporation s qualifications, limitations and
restrictions thereof, to the extent not otherwise provided in the Corporation s Certificate of Formation, as follows: 

1. Designation of Series. The designation of
 the series of Preferred Stock created by this resolution shall be Series III
 Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock ). 

2. Dividends on Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock. 

a. Dividend Amount. The holders of the Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, in any calendar year, if, when
 and as declared by the Board of Directors, out of any assets at the time legally available
 therefor and subject to the further limitations set out herein, dividends at the per annum
 rate of 1.00 per share, all such dividends due quarterly in arrears as of the last day of
 each March, June, September and December of each year, the first dividend being
 declarable on December 31, 1998. On each date which a dividend may be declared is hereafter
 called the Dividend Date, and each quarterly period ending with a Dividend
 Date is hereinafter referred to as the Dividend Period. Dividends shall be
 payable fifteen calendar days after the Dividend Due Date, provided however, that if such
 date on which a dividend is payable is a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday, such dividend
 shall be payable on the next following business day to the holders of record (whether singular
 or plural, the Holder ). 

b. Dividends Cumulative. Dividends upon
 the Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall be accrued and be cumulative, whether
 or not in any Dividend Period or Periods there shall be funds of the Corporation legally
 available for the payment of such dividends. 

c. Dividend Accrual. On each Dividend Due
 Date all dividends which shall have accrued since the last Dividend Due Date on each share
 of Series III Class B Preferred Stock outstanding on such Dividend Due Date shall
 accumulate and be deemed to become due. Any dividend which shall not be paid
 on the Dividend Due Date on which it shall become due shall be deemed to be past due 
 until such dividend shall be paid or until the share of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock with respect to which such dividend became due shall no longer be outstanding, whichever
 is the earlier to occur. No interest, sum of money in lieu of interest or other property
 or securities shall be payable in respect of any dividend payment or payments which are past
 due. Dividends paid on shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock in an amount
 less than the total amount of such dividends at the time accumulated and payable on such
 shares shall be allocated pro rata on a share-by-share basis among all such shares at the
 time outstanding. Dividend payments made with respect to a Dividend Due Date shall be deemed
 to be made in payment of the dividends which became due on that Dividend Due Date. 

EXHIBIT B 

d. Dividend Arrearage. If a dividend upon
 any shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock is in arrears, all dividends or
 other distributions declared upon shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock
 (other than dividends paid in stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding
 up) may only be declared pro rata. Except as set forth above, if a dividend upon any shares
 of Series III Class B Preferred Stock is in arrears: (i) no dividends (in
 cash, stock or other property) may be paid or declared and set aside for payment upon any
 stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series III Class B Preferred Stock
 as to dividends (other than dividends of distributions in stock of the Corporation ranking
 junior to the Series III Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation,
 dissolution or winding up); and (ii) no preferred stock of the Corporation ranking junior
 to the Series III Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends may be redeemed pursuant
 to a sinking fund or otherwise, except (1) by means of redemption pursuant to which
 all outstanding shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock are redeemed,
 or (2) by conversion of any such junior stock into, or exchange of any such junior stock
 into, or exchange of any such junior stock for stock of the Corporation ranking junior to
 the Series III Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution
 or winding up. Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate to the contrary, the Corporation
 shall be entitled to purchase any of its shares ranking junior to the Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock (including Common shares) on any terms it fixes, even where a dividend upon
 shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock is in arrears, so long as: (A) the
 cash assets of the Corporation as of its latest reporting period equals or exceeds 40,000,000
 or (B) if the cash assets of the Corporation as of its latest reporting period was less
 than 40,000,000, the amount of funds utilized to purchase such shares within the next quarter
 does not exceed 25 of the value of the cash assets as of the previous reporting period. 

3. General, Class and Series Voting
 Rights. Except as provided in this Section 3, or as otherwise from time to time required
 by law, the Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. 

So long as any shares of Series III
Class B Preferred Stock remain outstanding, the consent of the holders of at least fifty-one (51 percent of the shares of Series III
Class B Preferred Stock outstanding at the time voting separately as a class, given in person or by proxy, either in writing at
any special or annual meeting called for the purpose, shall be necessary to permit, effect or validate any one or more of the following: 

(i) The authorization, creation or issuance, or
 any increase in the authorized or issued amount, of any class or series of stock (including
 any class or series of Preferred Stock) ranking equal or prior (as the terms are hereinafter
 defined in this Section 3) to the Series III Class B Preferred Stock; or 

(ii) The amendment, alteration, or repeal, whether
 by merger, consolidation, or otherwise, of any of the provisions of the Certificate of Formation
 or of this resolution which would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights
 of the shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely;
 provided, however, that any increase in the amount of authorized Preferred Stock, or the
 creation and issuance of other series of Preferred stock ranking junior to the Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution
 of assets upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up, shall not be deemed to adversely affect
 such powers, preferences or special rights. 

The foregoing voting provisions shall
not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which such vote would otherwise be required shall be effected, all
outstanding shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall have been redeemed or sufficient funds shall have been deposited
in trust to effect such redemption. 

4. Redemption. The outstanding shares of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock shall be nonredeemable prior to the lapse of three (3) years
 from the date of issuance. On and after such date, the Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock may be redeemed at the option of the Corporation, as a whole at any time or in part
 from time to time, at the Redemption Price of 15.00 per share plus all dividends (whether
 or not declared or due) accrued and unpaid to the date of redemption (subject to the right
 of the holder of record of shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock on a record
 date for the payment of a dividend on the Series III Class B Preferred Stock to
 receive the dividend due on such shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock on
 the corresponding Dividend Due Date). 

No sinking fund shall be established
for the Series III Class B Preferred Stock. 

EXHIBIT B 

Notice of any proposed redemption
of shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall be mailed by means of first class mail, postage paid, addressed to the
holders of record of the shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, at their respective addresses then appearing
on the books of the Corporation, at least thirty (30) days but not more than sixty (60) days prior to the date fixed for such redemption
(herein referred to as the Redemption Date ). Each such notice shall specify (i) the Redemption Date; (ii) the
Redemption Price; (iii) the place for payment and for delivering the stock certificate(s) and transfer instrument(s) in
order to collect the Redemption Price; (iv) the shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed; and (v) the
then effective Conversion Price (as defined below) and that the right of holders of shares of Series III Class B Preferred
Stock being redeemed to exercise their Conversion right shall terminate as to such shares at the close of business on the fifth day before
the Redemption Date, provided that no default by the Corporation in the payment of the applicable Redemption Price (including any accrued
and unpaid dividends) shall have occurred and be continuing. Any notice mailed in such manner shall be conclusively deemed to have been
duly given whether or not such notice is, in fact, received. If less than all the outstanding shares of Series III Class B
Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the Corporation will select those to be redeemed by lot or by a substantially equivalent method.
In order to facilitate the redemption of Series III Class B Preferred Stock to be redeemed, notice of any such proposed redemption,
shall not be more than sixty (60) days prior to the Redemption Date with respect thereto. 

The holder of any shares of Series III
Class B Preferred Stock redeemed upon any exercise of the Corporation s redemption right shall not be entitled to receive
payment of the Redemption Price for such shares until such holder shall cause to be delivered to the place specified in the notice given
with respect to such redemption (i) the certificate(s) representing such shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock;
and (ii) transfer instrument(s) satisfactory to the Corporation and sufficient to transfer such shares free of any adverse
interest. No interest shall accrue on the Redemption Price of any share of Series III Class B Preferred Stock after its Redemption
Date. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Certificate
to the contrary, the Corporation shall have the right to purchase shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock from any owner
of such shares on such terms as may be agreeable to such owner. Shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock may be acquired
by the Corporation from any stockholder pursuant to this paragraph without offering any other stockholder an equal opportunity to sell
his stock to the Corporation, and no purchase by the Corporation from any stockholder pursuant to this paragraph shall be deemed to create
any right on the part of any stockholder to sell any shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock (or any other stock) to the
Corporation. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions
of this Section 4, and subject to the provisions of Section 2 hereof, if a dividend upon any shares of Series III Class B
Preferred Stock is past due, (i) no shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock may be redeemed, except (A) by
means of a redemption pursuant to which all outstanding shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock are simultaneously
redeemed (or offered to be so redeemed) or pursuant to which the outstanding shares of the Series III Class B Preferred Stock
are redeemed on a pro rata basis (or offered to be so redeemed), or (B) by conversion of shares of Series III Class B
Preferred Stock into, or exchange of such shares for, Common Stock or any other stock of the Corporation ranking junior to the Series III
Class B Preferred Stock as to dividends and upon liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

5. Liquidation. In the event of any voluntary
 or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Corporation (for the purposes
 of this Section 5, a Liquidation ), before any distribution of assets shall
 be made to the holders of the Common Stock or the holders of any other stock that ranks junior
 to the Series III Class B Preferred Stock in respect of distributions upon the
 Liquidation of the Corporation, the holder of each share of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock then outstanding shall be entitled to 12.50 per share plus all dividends
 (whether or not declared or due) accrued and unpaid on such share on the date fixed for the
 distribution of assets of the Corporation to the holders of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock. 

If upon any Liquidation of the Corporation,
the assets available for distribution to the holder of Series III Class B Preferred Stock which shall then be outstanding (hereinafter
in this paragraph called the Total Amount Available shall be insufficient to pay the holders of all outstanding shares
of Series III Class B Preferred Stock the full amounts (including all dividends accrued and unpaid) to which they shall be
entitled by reason of such Liquidation of the Corporation, then there shall be paid ratably to the holders of the Series III Class B
Preferred Stock in connection with such Liquidation of the Corporation, an amount equal to each holder s pro rata share of the
Total Amount Available. 

EXHIBIT B 

The voluntary sale, conveyance, lease,
exchange or transfer of all or substantially all the property or assets of the Corporation, or the merger or consolidation of the Corporation
into another corporation, or any purchase or redemption of some or all of the shares of any class or series of stock of the Corporation,
shall not be deemed to be a Liquidation of the Corporation for the purposes of this Section 5 (unless in connection therewith the
Liquidation of the Corporation is specifically approved). 

6. Conversion Privilege. At any time subsequent
 to three years after issuance of any share of Series III Class B Preferred Stock,
 the holder of any share of Series III Class B Preferred Stock Holder shall have the right, at such Holder s option (but if such share is called for redemption
 or exchange at the election of the Corporation, then in respect of such share only to and
 including but not after the close of business on (i) the fifth calendar day before the
 date fixed for such redemption; or (ii) the date fixed for such exchange, provided that
 the Corporation has set aside funds sufficient to effect such redemption) to convert such
 share into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock (calculated
 as to each conversion to the nearest 1/100th of a share) obtained by dividing 10.00 by the
 Conversion Rate then in effect. 

a. Conversion Rate. Each share of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock may be converted, subject to the terms and provisions of this
 paragraph 6 into one (1) share of the Corporation s Common Stock, which is a price
 equal to one share of Common Stock for each 10.00 of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock or, in case an adjustment of such rate has taken place pursuant to the provisions of
 subdivision (f) of this paragraph 6, then at the Conversion Rate as last adjusted (such
 rate or adjusted rate, shall be expressed as the number of shares of Common Stock to be acquired
 upon conversion of one share of Series III Class B Preferred Stock, and shall be
 referred to herein as the Conversion Rate ). Each share of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock shall be Convertible into Common Stock by surrender to the Corporation of
 the certificate representing such shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock
 to be converted by the Holder and by giving written notice to the Corporation of the Holder s
 election to convert. 

The Corporation shall, as soon as practicable
after receipt of such written notice and the proper surrender to the Corporation of the certificate or certificates representing shares
of Series III Class B Preferred Stock to be converted in accordance with the above provisions, issue and deliver for the benefit
of the Holder at the office of the Corporation s duly appointed transfer agent (the Transfer Agent to the Holder
for whose account such shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock were so surrendered or to such Holder s nominee or
nominees, certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock to which the Holder shall be entitled. The certificates of Common Stock
of the Corporation issued upon conversion shall bear such legends as may be required by state or federal laws. Such conversion shall
be deemed to have been effective immediately prior to the close of business on the date on which the Corporation shall have received
both such written notice and the properly surrendered certificates for shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock to be converted
(the Conversion Date ), and at such time the rights of the Holder shall cease and the person or persons entitled to receive
the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the conversion of such shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall be deemed
to be, and shall be treated for all purposes as, the record Holder or Holders of such Common Stock on the Conversion Date. The Corporation
shall not be required to convert, and no surrender of shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock or written notice of conversion
with respect thereto shall be effected for that purpose, while the stock transfer books of the Corporation are closed for any reasonable
business purpose for any reasonable period of time, but shall be required to convert upon the proper surrender of shares of Series III
Class B Preferred Stock for conversion immediately upon the reopening of such books. During the period in which the stock transfer
books of the Corporation are closed, the Corporation may neither declare a dividend, declare a record date for payment of dividends nor
make any payment of dividends. 

b. Dividends. If any shares of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock shall be converted during any dividend payment period, the Holder
 shall be entitled to all dividends accrued up to and through such Conversion Date, at the
 rate set forth herein, whether or not there has been a Dividend Date, as set forth in paragraph
 2 hereof. 

c. Cancellation. Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock converted into Common stock pursuant to the provisions of this paragraph
 6 shall be retired and cancelled by the Corporation and given the status of authorized and
 unissued preferred stock. 

EXHIBIT B 

d. Reissuance if Conversion is Partial.
 In the case of any certificate representing shares of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock which is surrendered for conversion only in part, the Corporation shall issue and deliver
 to the Holder a new certificate or certificates for Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock of such denominations as requested by the Holder in the amount of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock equal to the unconverted shares of the Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock represented by the certificate so surrendered. 

e. Reservations of Shares. The Corporation
 shall at all times during which shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock may
 be converted into Common Stock as provided in this paragraph (e), reserve and keep available,
 out of any Common Stock held as treasury stock or out of its authorized and unissued Common
 Stock, or both, solely for the purpose of delivery upon conversion of the shares of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock as herein provided, such number of shares of Common Stock as
 shall then be sufficient to effect the conversion of all shares of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock from time to time outstanding, and shall take such action as may from time
 to time be necessary to ensure that such shares of Common Stock will, when issued upon conversion
 of Series III Class B Preferred Stock, be fully paid and nonassessable. 

f. Adjustment of Conversion Rate. The Conversion
 Rate provided in subdivision (a) of this paragraph 6, in respect of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock, shall be subject to adjustments from time to time as follows: 

(i) While any shares of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, in case the Corporation shall subdivide the outstanding
 shares of Common Stock into a greater number of shares of Common Stock or combine the outstanding
 shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares of Common Stock, or issue, by reclassification
 of its shares of Common Stock, any shares of the Corporation, the Conversion Rate in effect
 immediately prior thereto shall be adjusted so that the Holder shall be entitled to receive
 the number of shares which it would have owned or been entitled to receive after the happening
 of any of the events described above, had such shares of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock been converted immediately prior to the happening of such event, such adjustment to
 become effective immediately after the opening of business on the day following the day upon
 which such subdivision or combination or reclassification, as the case may be, becomes effective. 

(ii) In case the Corporation shall be consolidated
 with, or merge into, any other corporation, and the Corporation does not survive, proper
 provisions shall be made as a part of the terms of such consolidation or merger, whereby
 the Holder shall thereafter be entitled, upon exercise of such Holder s conversion
 rights, to receive the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities of the Corporation
 resulting from such consolidation or merger, or such other property, as the Holder would
 have received if such conversion rights were exercised immediately prior to the effectiveness
 of such merger or consolidation. 

(iii) In the event the Corporation at any
 time, or from time to time after August 1, 1998 makes or issues, or fixes a record date
 for the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive, a dividend or other
 distribution payable in additional shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as
 defined herein) which does not provide for the payment of any consideration upon the issuance,
 conversion or exercise thereof, without a corresponding dividend or other distribution to
 the Holder, based upon the number of shares of Common Stock into which the Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock is convertible, then and in each such event the Conversion Rate
 then in effect will be increased as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such a
 record date shall have been fixed, as of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying
 such Conversion rate by a fraction: 

(A) The numerator of which will be the total
 number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of
 such issuance or the close of business on such record date plus the number of shares of Common
 Stock issuable in payment of such dividend or distribution (which, in the case of Common
 Stock Equivalents, shall mean the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with
 respect thereto, as set forth in the instrument relative thereto without regard to any provision
 for subsequent adjustment); and 

EXHIBIT B 

(B) The denominator of which will be the total
 number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the time of
 such issuance or the close of business on such record date; provided, however, that if such
 record date is fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such distribution is not fully
 made on the date fixed therefor, the Conversion Rate will be recomputed accordingly as of
 the close of business on such record date, and thereafter such Conversion Rate will be adjusted
 pursuant to this subparagraph (iii) as of the time of actual payment of such dividends
 or distributions. 

(iv) In the event the Corporation at any time
 or from time to time after August 1, 1998 makes or issues, or fixes a record date for
 the determination of holders of Common Stock entitled to receive a dividend or other distribution
 payable to all holders of Common Stock in securities of the Corporation or Common Stock Equivalents,
 then, upon making such dividend or distribution provisions will be made so that the Holder
 will receive the amount of securities of the Corporation which it would have received had
 its Series III Class B Preferred Stock been converted into Common Stock on the
 date of such event. 

(v) In the event the Corporation sells or
 issues any Common Stock, or sells or issues Common Stock Equivalents which can be converted
 into Common Stock at a per share consideration (as defined below in this subparagraph (v))
 less than the Stipulated Price then in effect, then the Holder shall be entitled to purchase
 from the Corporation in cash (for the same per share consideration at which such Common Stock
 was issued or the per share price at which a share of Common Stock is acquirable upon exercise
 or conversion of Common Stock Equivalents) that additional number of shares of Common Stock
 which, when added to the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable by the Holder upon conversion
 of any shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock outstanding and held by such
 Holder immediately before such issue or sale (the Acquirable Shares ), will
 equal a percentage of the number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding (as defined
 herein) immediately after such sale or issuance that is the same as the percentage of the
 number of shares of Common Stock Deemed Outstanding immediately before such issuance or sale
 represented by the Acquirable Shares. This right shall exist for a forty-five-day period
 following the sale or issuance of shares of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, and
 thereafter shall cease to exist. 

For the above purposes, the per share
consideration with respect to the sale or issuance of Common Stock will be the price per share received by the Corporation, prior to
the payment of any expenses, commissions, discounts and other applicable costs. With respect to the sale or issuance of Common Stock
Equivalents which are convertible into or exchangeable for Common Stock without further consideration, the per share consideration will
be determined by dividing the maximum number of shares of Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents (as set
forth in the instrument relating thereto without regarding to any provisions contained therein for subsequent adjustment of such number)
into the aggregate consideration receivable by the Corporation upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents. With respect
to the issuance of other Common Stock Equivalents, the per share consideration will be determined by dividing the maximum number of shares
of Common Stock issuable with respect to such Common Stock Equivalents into the total aggregate consideration received by the Corporation
upon the sale or issuance of such Common Stock Equivalents plus the minimum aggregate amount of additional consideration received by
the Corporation upon the conversion or exercise of such Common Stock Equivalents. In connection with the sale or issuance of Common Stock
and/or Common Stock Equivalents for non-cash consideration, the amount of consideration will be the fair market value of such consideration
as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

(vi) As used herein, the term Stipulated
 Price means initial price of 10.00 per share of Common Stock, as adjusted from time
 to time pursuant to subparagraph (viii) of this paragraph 6(f); and the term Common
 Stock Equivalent means any securities (whether debt or equity securities) or rights
 issued by the Corporation convertible into or entitling the holder thereof to receive shares
 of, or securities convertible into, Common Stock. The number of shares of Common Stock
 Deemed Outstanding at any date shall equal the sum of the number of shares of Common
 Stock then 

EXHIBIT B 

outstanding plus the number of shares of Common Stock then obtainable pursuant
 to Common Stock Equivalents. 

(vii) In the event the Corporation declares
 any dividend or distribution payable to holders of its Common Stock (other than dividends
 payable out of the Corporation s retained earnings or earned surplus and dividends
 payable in shares of Common Stock or in securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares
 of Common Stock or rights or warrants to purchase Common Stock or securities convertible
 into or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable
 for shares of Common Stock or any other securities issued by the Corporation), the Conversion
 Rate in effect immediately prior to the record date for such dividend or distribution shall
 be proportionately adjusted so that the Holder shall be entitled to receive the number of
 shares of Common Stock into which such shares of Common Stock or Preferred Stock was convertible
 immediately prior to such record date multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is
 the fair market value of a share of Common Stock on such record date and the denominator
 of which is such per share fair market value of a share of Common Stock on such record date
 less the fair market value on such record date of the securities or other property which
 are distributed as a dividend or other distribution. The term fair market value 
 of a share of Common Stock or of any other security or other type of property on any date
 means (A) in the case of Common Stock or any other security (I) if the principal
 trading market for such Common Stock or other security is an exchange or the NASDAQ national
 market on such date, the closing price on such exchange or the NASDAQ national market on
 such date, provided, if trading of such Common Stock or other security is listed on any consolidated
 tape, the fair market value shall be the closing price set forth on such consolidated tape
 on such date, or (II) if the principal market for such Common Stock or other security
 is the over-the-counter market (other than the NASDAQ national market) the mean between the
 closing bid and asked prices on such date as set forth by NASDAQ or (B) in the case
 of Common Stock or any other security for which the fair market value cannot be determined
 pursuant to clause (A) above or of any other security or type of property, fair market
 value thereof on such date as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors. 

(viii) Whenever the Conversion Rate is adjusted
 pursuant to this paragraph 6(f), the Stipulated Price shall also be adjusted by multiplying
 it by a fraction that is the reciprocal of the fraction used to adjust the Conversion Rate. 

(ix) The Corporation will not, by amendment
 of its Certificate of Formation or through any dissolution, issuance or sale of securities
 or any other voluntary action, avoid or seek to avoid the observance or performance of any
 of the terms to be observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation, but at all times in
 good faith will assist in the carrying out of all the provisions of this paragraph and in
 the taking of all such action as may be necessary or appropriate in order to protect the
 conversion rights of the Holder against impairment. 

(x) No adjustment in the Conversion Rate shall
 be required, unless such adjustment would require an increase or decrease of at least one
 (1) share of Common Stock in the Conversion Rate of one share of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock, provided that all adjustments which do not meet this minimum requirement
 shall be cumulated and the adjustment will be made when the cumulated total is sufficient
 to require an adjustment. 

All calculations made pursuant to this
subparagraph (x) of paragraph 6(f) shall be made to the nearest one-hundredth (1/100th) of a share of Common Stock. 

g. Fractional Shares. No fractional shares
 of Common Stock or scrip representing fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued upon
 any conversion of shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock but, in lieu thereof,
 there shall be paid an amount in cash equal to the same fraction of the current market price
 of a whole share of Common Stock on the day preceding the day of conversion. 

h. Statement to Transfer Agent. Whenever
 the Conversion Rate for shares of Series III Class B Preferred Stock shall be adjusted
 pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 6(f) hereof, the Corporation shall forthwith
 maintain 

EXHIBIT B 

at its office and, if applicable, file with the Transfer Agent for shares of Series III
 Class B Preferred Stock and for shares of Common Stock, a statement signed by the President
 or a Vice President of the Corporation and by its Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, stating
 the adjusted Conversion Rate and setting forth in reasonable detail the method of calculation
 and the facts requiring such adjustment, such calculations to be confirmed by the Corporation s
 independent auditors, and stating the facts on which the calculation is based. Each adjustment
 shall remain in effect until a subsequent adjustment hereunder is required. 

7. Registration Rights. 

a. Piggyback Registration. The Corporation,
 for a period ending six months after the last share of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock is redeemed, retired, converted or otherwise no longer outstanding, will give written
 notice to the Holder not less than 20 days in advance of the initial filing of any registration
 statement under the Securities Act of 1933 (other than a registration Statement pertaining
 to securities issuable pursuant to employee stock option, stock purchase, or similar plans
 or a registration statement pertaining to securities issuable in connection with the acquisition
 of a business, whether through merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets, or exchange
 of securities) covering any Common Stock or other securities of the Corporation, and will
 afford the Holder the opportunity to have included in such registration all or such part
 of the shares of Common Stock acquired upon conversion of Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock, as may be designated by written notice to the Corporation not later than 10 days following
 receipt of such notice from the Corporation. The Corporation shall be entitled to exclude
 the shares of Common Stock held by the Holder from any one, but not more than one, such registration
 if the Corporation in its sole discretion decides that the inclusion of such shares will
 materially interfere with the orderly sale and distribution of the securities being offered
 under such registration statement by the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the
 Corporation shall not be entitled to exclude the shares of Common Stock held by the Holder
 if shares of other shareholders are being included in any such registration statement and,
 in such circumstances, the Holder shall be entitled to include the shares of Common Stock
 held by them on a pro rata basis in the proportion that the number of shares of Common Stock
 held by the Holder bears to the shares of Common Stock held by all other shareholders, including
 shares in such registration statement. The Holder shall not be entitled to include shares
 in more than two registration statements pursuant to the provisions of this subdivision (a) of
 paragraph 7, and all rights of the Holder under this subdivision (a) of paragraph 7
 shall terminate after the Holder has included shares of Common Stock in two registration
 statements pursuant to this subdivision (a) of paragraph 7. 

b. Expenses. The Corporation will pay all
 out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any registration effected pursuant to the provisions
 of subdivision (a) of this paragraph 7, including registration fees, legal fees, accounting
 fees, printing expenses (including such number of any preliminary and the final prospectus
 as may be reasonably requested), blue sky qualification fees and expenses, and all other
 expenses, except for underwriting commissions or discounts applicable to the shares of Common
 Stock being sold by the Holder and the fees of counsel for the Holder, all of which shall
 be paid by the Holder. 

c. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
 contained herein, in the event that the Corporation files an initial registration statement
 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (other than a registration statement pertaining
 to securities issuable in connection with the acquisition of a business, whether through
 merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets or exchange of securities) concerning any Common
 Stock of the Corporation, it will afford the Holder the opportunity to convert his shares
 into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock prior to the three
 year holding period stated in paragraph 6 above. The Corporation may also, at its option
 at any time within one-hundred and eighty (180) days after an initial registration statement
 is deemed effective, demand the conversion of the Series III Class B Preferred
 Stock into that number of fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as provided
 herein. 

8. Reports. 

So long as any of the Series III
Class B Preferred Stock shall be outstanding, the Corporation shall submit to the Holder financial reports no less frequently than
annually. 

9. Miscellaneous. 

EXHIBIT B 

a. As used herein, the term Common
 Stock shall mean the Corporation s Common Stock, no par value, or, in the case
 of any reclassification or change of outstanding shares of Common Stock, the stock or securities
 issued in exchange for such Common Stock. The term Common Stock shall also
 include any capital stock of the Corporation authorized after March 31, 1998 which shall
 not be limited to a fixed sum or sums or percentage or percentages of par value in respect
 of the rights of the holders thereof to participate in dividends or in the distribution of
 assets upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

b. The shares of Series III Class B
 Preferred Stock shall be fully transferable by the Holder thereof, subject to compliance
 with the applicable provisions of federal and state securities laws. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, RETRACTABLE TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
has caused its corporate seal to be hereunto affixed and this Amended Certificate to be signed by its President and Secretary as of this
22nd day of January, 2010. 

/s/ Thomas J. Shaw 

Thomas J. Shaw 
 President 

ATTEST: 

/s/ Michele Larios 

Michele M. Larios 
 Secretary 

EXHIBIT B 

</EX-3.(I)>

<EX-4.(VI)>
 3
 tm211029d1_ex4vi.htm
 EXHIBIT 4(VI)

Exhibit 4(vi) 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Common Stock : 

Retractable Technologies, Inc. RTI is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of no par value Common Stock, of which 33,956,204 shares were issued and
outstanding at December 31, 2020. Our Common Stock is listed on the NYSE American stock exchange under the symbol RVP . 

The 2008 Stock Option
Plan, which authorized a total of 6,000,000 shares of Common Stock upon the exercise of stock options, expired July 25, 2018.
Options for the purchase of 199,450 shares under the 2008 Stock Option Plan were outstanding as of December 31, 2020. RTI has reserved 2,000,000 shares of Common Stock for issuance under the 2021 Stock Option Plan. The 2021 Stock Option Plan will be considered
by the shareholders at RTI's 2021 annual meeting. 

RTI s Preferred Stock
is convertible into Common Stock with a conversion rate of one-for-one. There were 262,945 shares of Preferred Stock outstanding on December 31,
2020. 

Shares of our Common Stock
have no conversion rights, no preemptive rights, no restrictions on alienation, and are fully paid and are not liable to further call
or assessment. Each share of our Common Stock is entitled to share ratably in any asset available for distribution to holders of its equity
securities upon liquidation of RTI, subject to the preference of the holders of each class and series of the Preferred Stock. There are
no restrictions on the transfer of our Common Stock other than as imposed by applicable federal and state securities laws. 

All shares of our Common Stock
have equal voting rights and, when validly issued and outstanding, have one vote per share on all matters to be voted upon by stockholders.
The holders of the Common Stock elect the Directors subject to certain limited voting rights of the holders of the Series II Preferred
Stock if dividends are in arrears for 12 consecutive quarters. Our Board of Directors is divided into two classes currently consisting
of three Class 1 members and three Class 2 members with staggered terms. Generally, Directors serve for two-year terms. Cumulative
voting in the election of Directors is prohibited. 

Holders of our Common Stock
are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds available therefor. We have not paid any
dividends on the Common Stock since RTI s inception and presently anticipate that no dividends on our Common Stock will be declared
in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon, among
other things, future earnings, full payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock, our operating and financial condition, our capital requirements,
and general business conditions. 

Preferred Stock: 

Our Board of Directors is
authorized to divide each class of the preferred stock into series and to set the relative rights and preferences as to and between series,
including dividends, issuance of preferred stock, redemption of such shares, and the conversion of any shares of preferred stock to other
or common shares. RTI is authorized to issue 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class A with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per
share; 5,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock Class B with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share; and 5,000,000 shares of Preferred
Stock Class C with a par value of One Dollar 1.00) per share. 

RTI has only one class of
preferred stock outstanding: the Class B Convertible Preferred Stock (the Preferred Stock ), which had five series as
of December 31, 2020: Series I, Series II, Series III, Series IV, and Series V. 

The Class B Series I, II, III, IV,
and V stock had the following number of outstanding shares at December 31, 2020: 0, 156,200, 106,745, 0, and 0 shares, respectively.
The remaining 4,737,055 authorized shares have not been assigned a series. 

This summary is not intended
to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, reference to the Certificates of Designation, Preferences, Rights,
and Limitations of Series I, II, III, IV, and V Class B Convertible Preferred Stock of RTI, filed with the Secretary
of the State of Texas. The Certificates of Designation were filed as 

an Exhibit to our Form 10-Q filed on November 15,
2010. A resolution dated March 16, 2021 cancelling Series I, IV, and V was filed with the Secretary of the State of Texas. 

The Preferred Stock is not
listed on any securities exchange or automated dealer quotation system. The Series I Preferred Stock was created pursuant to a Board
resolution in 1995 and was priced at 5.00 per share. The Series II Preferred Stock was created pursuant to a Board resolution in
1995 and was priced at 10.00 per share. The Series III Preferred Stock was created pursuant to a Board resolution in 1998 and was
priced at 10.00 per share. The Series IV Preferred Stock was created pursuant to a Board resolution in 1999 and was priced at 10.00
per share. The Series V Preferred Stock was created pursuant to a Board resolution in 2002 and was priced at 4.00 per share. Pricing,
dividend rates, and other terms were determined by the Board in accordance with the market conditions and the information available to
it at the time. 

There are no restrictions
on the transfer of our Preferred Stock other than as imposed by applicable federal and state securities laws. 

Series I Preferred Stock 

There were 0 shares of 1
par value Series I Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. Holders of Series I Preferred Stock were entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 0.50 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. 

Series I Preferred Stock
was redeemable at the option of RTI at a price of 7.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends. Such a redemption took place effective December 31,
2020. 

Each share of Series I
Preferred Stock was, at the option of the stockholder, convertible to one share of Common Stock. 

In the event of voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of RTI, holders of Series I Preferred Stock then outstanding would have been
entitled to 6.25 per share, plus all unpaid dividends prior to any distributions to holders of Series II Preferred Stock, Series III
Preferred Stock, Series IV Preferred Stock, Series V Preferred Stock or Common Stock. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution
or winding up of RTI, the amounts available for distribution with respect to the Series I Preferred Stock were not sufficient to
satisfy the full liquidation rights of the Series I Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series I Preferred Stock would have
shared ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full amounts to which they were entitled. 

Series II Preferred Stock 

There were 156,200 shares
of 1 par value Series II Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. Holders of Series II Preferred Stock are entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. 

If a dividend upon any shares
of Series II Preferred Stock is in arrears, no dividends may be paid or declared and set aside for payment, or other distribution
made upon the Common Stock or any other stock ranking junior to the Series II Preferred Stock as to dividends. In addition, if a
dividend upon any shares of Series II Preferred Stock is in arrears, no Common Stock, or any other stock ranking junior to the Series II
Preferred Stock as to dividends, may be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration except in certain circumstances. 

Except as required by the
laws of the State of Texas, the holders of the Series II Preferred Stock are generally not entitled to vote. However, in the event
that dividends payable on the Series II Preferred Stock shall be in arrears for 12 consecutive quarterly dividend periods, the holders
of a majority of the Series II shares shall have the exclusive right (voting separately as a class with one vote per share of Series II
Preferred Stock) to elect one-third of the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting or so long as such arrearage shall
continue. So long as any shares of Series II Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we shall not, without the affirmative vote or consent
of the holders of at least 51 percent of the shares of the Series II Preferred Stock outstanding at the time: (a) authorize,
create, issue or increase the authorized or issued amount of any class or series of stock ranking equal to or senior to the Series II
Preferred Stock with respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding 

up of RTI; or
(b) amend, alter or repeal the provisions of RTI s Certificate of Formation, or of the rights of the Series II Preferred
Stock so as to alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of the Series II Preferred Stock so as to
affect them adversely. 

Series II Preferred Stock
is redeemable at the option of RTI at a price of 15.00 per share plus all unpaid dividends. 

Each share of Series II
Preferred Stock may, at the option of the stockholder, be converted to one share of Common Stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment
in certain events. 

In the event of voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of RTI, holders of Series II Preferred Stock then outstanding are entitled
to 12.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends, after distribution obligations to holders of Series I Preferred Stock have been satisfied
and prior to any distributions to holders of Series III Preferred Stock, Series IV Preferred Stock, Series V Preferred
Stock or Common Stock. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI, the amounts available for distribution with respect
to the Series II Preferred Stock are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of the Series II Preferred Stock,
the holders of the Series II Preferred Stock will share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full amounts
to which they are entitled. 

Series III Preferred Stock 

There were 106,745 shares
of 1 par value Series III Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. Holders of Series III Preferred Stock are
entitled to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly if declared by the Board of Directors. 

If a dividend upon any shares
of Series III Preferred Stock is in arrears, no dividends may be paid or declared and set aside for payment, or other distribution
made upon the Common Stock or any other stock ranking junior to the Series III Preferred Stock as to dividends. In addition, if a
dividend upon any shares of Series III Preferred Stock is in arrears, no Common Stock or any other stock ranking junior to the Series III
Preferred Stock as to dividends, may be redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired for any consideration except in certain circumstances.
In 2010, the Certificate of Designation was amended to allow RTI to purchase any of its shares ranking junior to the Series III Preferred
Stock (including Common Shares) on any terms it fixes, even where a dividend upon shares of Series III Preferred Stock is in arrears,
so long as: (A) the cash assets of RTI as of its latest reporting period equals or exceeds 40,000,000 or (B) if the cash assets
of RTI as of its latest reporting period were less than 40,000,000, the amount of funds utilized to purchase such shares within the next
quarter does not exceed 25 of the value of the cash assets as of the previous reporting period. 

Except as required by the
laws of the State of Texas, the holders of the Series III Preferred Stock are not entitled to vote. However, so long as any shares
of Series III Preferred Stock remain outstanding, we shall not, without the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least
51 percent of the shares of the Series III Preferred Stock outstanding at the time: (a) authorize, create, issue or increase
the authorized or issued amount of any class or series of stock ranking equal to or senior to the Series III Preferred Stock with
respect to payment of dividends or the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI; or (b) amend, alter
or repeal the provisions of RTI s Certificate of Formation, or of the rights of the Series III Preferred Stock so as to alter
or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the shares of the Series III Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely. 

Series III Preferred
Stock is redeemable at the option of RTI at a price of 15.00 per share, plus all unpaid dividends. 

Each share of Series III
Preferred Stock may, at the option of the stockholder, be converted to one share of Common Stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment
in certain events. 

In the event of voluntary
or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of RTI, holders of Series III Preferred Stock then outstanding are entitled
to 12.50 per share, plus all unpaid dividends, after distribution obligations to Series I Preferred Stock and Series II Preferred
Stock have been satisfied and prior to any distributions to holders of Series IV Preferred Stock, Series V Preferred Stock or
Common Stock. If, upon any liquidation, 

dissolution or winding up of RTI, the amounts available for distribution with respect to the Series III
Preferred Stock are not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of the Series III Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series III
Preferred Stock will share ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion to the full amounts to which they are entitled. 

Series IV Preferred Stock 

There were 0 shares of 1
par value Series IV Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. Holders of Series IV Preferred Stock were entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 1.00 per share, payable quarterly, if declared by the Board of Directors. 

Series IV Preferred Stock
was redeemable at the option of RTI at a price of 11.00 per share plus all unpaid dividends. 

Each share of Series IV
Preferred Stock was, at the option of the stockholder, convertible into Common Stock. 

In the event of voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI, holders of Series IV Preferred Stock then outstanding would have been
entitled to receive liquidating distributions of 11.00 per share, plus unpaid dividends after distribution obligations to Series I
Preferred Stock, Series II Preferred Stock, and Series III Preferred Stock have been satisfied and prior to any distribution
to holders of Series V Preferred Stock, or Common Stock. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI, the amounts
available for distribution with respect to the Series IV Preferred Stock were not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights
of the Series IV Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series IV Preferred Stock would have shared ratably in any such distribution
of assets in proportion to the full amounts to which they were entitled. 

Series V Preferred Stock 

There were 0 shares of 1
par value Series V Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. Holders of Series V Preferred Stock were entitled
to receive a cumulative annual dividend of 0.32 per share, payable quarterly, if declared by the Board of Directors. 

Series V Preferred Stock
was redeemable at the option of RTI at a price of 4.40 per share plus all unpaid dividends. 

Each share of Series V
Preferred Stock was, at the option of the stockholder, convertible into Common Stock. 

In the event of voluntary
or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI, holders of Series V Preferred Stock then outstanding were entitled
to receive liquidating distributions of 4.40 per share, plus unpaid dividends after distribution obligations to Series I Preferred
Stock, Series II Preferred Stock, Series III Preferred Stock, and Series IV Preferred Stock have been satisfied and prior
to any distribution to the holders of the Common Stock. If, upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of RTI, the amounts available
for distribution with respect to the Series V Preferred Stock were not sufficient to satisfy the full liquidation rights of the Series V
Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series V Preferred Stock would have shared ratably in any such distribution of assets in proportion
to the full amounts to which they were entitled. 

</EX-4.(VI)>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 tm211029d1_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Thomas J. Shaw, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Retractable Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/ Thomas J. Shaw 

THOMAS J. SHAW 

PRESIDENT, CHAIRMAN, AND 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 tm211029d1_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, John W. Fort III, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K
of Retractable Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements,
and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations,
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to
be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries,
is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial
reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and
I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
Management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 31, 2021 

/s/ John W. Fort III 

JOHN W. FORT III 

VICE PRESIDENT, CHIEF FINANCIAL

OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL 

ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 tm211029d1_ex32.htm
 EXHIBIT 32

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Solely in connection with the filing of the Annual
Report of Retractable Technologies, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020,
as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Thomas
J. Shaw, Chief Executive Officer, and John W. Fort III, Chief Financial Officer, do hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2021 

/s/ Thomas J. Shaw 

THOMAS J. SHAW 

PRESIDENT,
 CHAIRMAN, AND 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

/s/ John W. Fort 

JOHN W. FORT III 

VICE PRESIDENT,
CHIEF FINANCIAL 

OFFICER, AND PRINCIPAL 

ACCOUNTING OFFICER 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.INS>
 7
 rvp-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 rvp-20201231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 rvp-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 rvp-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 rvp-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 rvp-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

