<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20210331_10-K_edgar_data_934543_0000934543-21-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2253747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192907</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>150076</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>758021</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>625840</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>450519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000934543-21-000009.hdr.sgml : 20210331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20210331121840
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000934543-21-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000934543
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		IRS NUMBER:				411793975
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1219

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25919
		FILM NUMBER:		21791501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10237 YELLOW CIRCLE DRIVE
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6129459455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10237 YELLOW CIRCLE DR
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55343

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000934543-21-000009.txt : 20210331

10-K
 1
 frm10k123120.htm
 AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY ANNUAL 10K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

x 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 

 or 

 o TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from ___________
to ___________ 

 Commission file number: 000-25919 

 AMERICAN CHURCH
MORTGAGE COMPANY 

 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in
its Charter) 

Minnesota 
 
 41-1793975 

State or Other Jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation or Organization 
 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification No. 

10400 Yellow Circle Drive, Ste. 102 Minnetonka, MN 
 
 55343 
 
 Address of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip Code 
 
 (952) 945-9455 

 Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area
Code 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 ACMC 
 None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such file).
 Yes x No o 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued
its audit report. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No x 

APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

State the aggregate market
value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 2,388,738. 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of
the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Outstanding at March 31, 2021 
 
 Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 
 
 1,676,598 shares 
 
 Our Class A Common Stock, .01 par value
per share, has traded on the over-the-counter market Pink Sheets at certain isolated times under the symbol ACMC.PK 

 Documents Incorporated by Reference 

Portions of the Company s Proxy Statement to
be delivered to its shareholders in connection with the Company s 2021 Annual Meeting of shareholders, which the Company plans to
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the end of the fiscal year covered by this report, are incorporated
by reference in Part III of this report (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14). 

INDEX 

Page 
 No. 

PART 1 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 12 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 19 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 21 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-1 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-5 

Statements of Shareholders Equity for the
 Years Ended 
 December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-6 

Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 
 F-7 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-9 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 29 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 29 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 29 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and 
 Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 29 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 29 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 29 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 30 

Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 31 

Signatures 
 
 31 

PART I 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

In
connection with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, readers of this document
and any document incorporated by reference herein, are advised that this document and documents incorporated by reference into this document
contain both statements of historical facts and forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements are subject to certain risks and
uncertainties, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. Examples
of forward looking statements include, but are not limited to (i) projections of revenues, income or loss, earning or loss per share,
capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure and other financial items; (ii) statements of plans and objectives of ours or our
management or Board of Directors, including any public sale of our securities, or estimates or predictions of actions by borrowers, competitors
or regulatory authorities; (iii) statements of future economic performance; and (iv) statements of assumptions underlying other statements
and statements about our business. 

This
document and documents incorporated by reference herein also identify important factors which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those indicated by forward looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, among other things, interest rate fluctuations
as they affect the relative yield of our loan portfolio and our ability to compete in making loans to borrowers; payment default on loans
made or bonds purchased by us, which could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders or payments due on
our secured investor certificates; the actions of competitors; the effects of government regulation; competition, risks related to uncertainty
and disruption in global economic markets as a result of COVID-19 (commonly referred to as the coronavirus) and other factors which are
described herein and/or in documents incorporated by reference herein, including the risks described in Item 1A. 

The
cautionary statements made pursuant to the Private Litigation Securities Reform Act of 1995 above and elsewhere by us should not be construed
as exhaustive or as any admission regarding the adequacy of disclosures made by us prior to the effective date of such Act. Matters which
are the subject of forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control and in many cases, we cannot predict what factors would
cause results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking statements. 

Item 1. Business. 

The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has adversely affected many industries in general and resulted in preventing the gathering
of church congregations which impacts the ability of churches and other non-profit religious organizations normal methods of worship
causing a decline in membership and tithings and offerings. The actual and threatened spread of COVID-19 globally or in the regions in
which we operate or future widespread outbreak of infectious or contagious disease, can continue to reduce the ability of persons to
worship in groups in general. The extent to which our business may be affected by the COVID-19 will largely depend on future developments
which we cannot accurately predict, and its impact on churches and other non-profit religious organizations, including the duration
of the outbreak, the continued spread and treatment of the coronavirus, and new information and developments that may emerge concerning
the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. To the extent that churches
and other non-profit organizations operations in the U.S. are materially and adversely affected by the COVID-19, business and financial
results of this industry, and thus our business and financial results, could be materially and adversely impacted. 

We
have experienced declines in payments due from our borrowers and missed bond payments on the bonds owned by us. We have provided temporary
deferrals of monthly payments which may impact our future operating income and may potentially impact future distributions of dividends
to our shareholders and our ability to make payments due on our secured investor certificates. 

General 

We
are a Minnesota corporation incorporated on May 27, 1994. We operate as a Real Estate Investment Trust REIT and are engaged
in the business of making mortgage loans to churches and other non-profit religious organizations throughout the United States. The principal
amount of loans we offer ranges from 100,000 to 2,000,000. We may also invest up to 40 of our Average Invested Assets in mortgage
secured debt securities (bonds) issued by churches and other non-profit religious organizations. Between the date upon which we began
active business operations (April 15, 1996) and December 31, 2020, we have made 201 loans to 171 churches totaling 109,203,100, with
the average principal amount of such loans being approximately 543,000. Of the 201 loans we have made, 130 loans totaling 76,789,805
have been repaid early by the borrowing churches. We also own, as of December 31, 2020, approximately 18,935,000 principal amount of
Church Bonds (hereinafter defined). At no time have we paid a premium for any of the bonds in our portfolio. Subject to the supervision
of our Board of Directors, our day to day business operations are managed by Church Loan Advisors, Inc. (the Advisor ),
which provides investment advisory and administrative services to us. The principals of the Advisor include principals of American Investors
Group, Inc., 

4 

American a FINRA member broker-dealer, which has served as underwriter of the public offerings of our common stock, as well as our public offerings
of secured investor certificates. American withdrew its membership with FINRA effective July 31, 2020, citing COVID-19 as one of the
primary reason affecting its future business to provide church loan financings. 

The Company s Business Activities 

Our
business is managed by the Advisor. We have no employees, but we do have two executive officers. The Advisor's affiliate, American has
been engaged since 1987 in the business of underwriting first mortgage bonds for churches throughout the United States. In underwriting
church bonds, American reviewed financing proposals, analyzed prospective borrowers financial capability, and structured, marketed
and sold, mortgage-backed securities which are debt obligations (bonds) of such borrowers to the investing general public. Since its
inception, American had underwritten approximately 323 church bond financings, in which approximately 584,867,000 in first mortgage
bonds and sold to public investors. The average size of single church bond financings underwritten by American since its inception is
approximately 1,811,000. 

In
the course of its business, American identified a demand from potential borrowers for smaller loans of 100,000 to 2,000,000. Because
of the regulatory, administrative expenses and complexity normally associated with the bond financing business, American determined that
the economic feasibility of bond financing diminished for financings under 1,000,000. As a result, we believe that many churches are
forced to either forego the project for which their financing request was made, fund their project from cash flow over a period of time
and at greater expense, or seek bank financing at terms that are not always favorable or available to them, due to the historic reluctance
of banks to lend to churches for other than economic reasons. Our objective is to provide a lending source to this segment of the industry
by capitalizing on the human resources and experience available at American and the Advisor, and taking advantage of the marketing, advertising
and general goodwill of American. 

 Financing
Business 

 Our
primary business is to make first mortgage loans in amounts ranging from 100,000 to 2,000,000, to churches and other non-profit religious
organizations, and selecting and investing in mortgage-secured debt instruments Church Bonds issued by churches and other
non-profit religious organizations throughout the United States. All of our loans belong to one portfolio segment. We attempt to apply
our working capital (after adequate reserves determined by the Advisor) toward making mortgage loans and investing in Church Bonds. We
seek to enhance returns on investments on such loans by: 

offering terms of up to 30 years, generating the highest yields possible
under current market conditions; 

seeking origination fees (i.e. points from the borrower at
the outset of a loan and upon any renewal of a loan; 

making a limited amount of higher-interest rate second mortgage loans to
qualified borrowers; and 

purchasing mortgage-secured debt securities having various maturities issued
by churches and other non-profit religious organizations. 

Our
policies limit the amount of second mortgage loans to 20 of the Company's Average Invested Assets (hereinafter defined) on the date
any second mortgage loan is closed and limit the amount of mortgage-secured debt securities to 40 of Average Invested Assets on the
date of their purchase. 

Average
Invested Assets for any period is defined as the average of the aggregated book value of the assets of the corporation invested,
directly or indirectly, in loans (or interests in loans) secured by real estate, and first mortgage bonds, before reserves for depreciation
or bad debts or other similar non-cash reserves computed by taking the average of such values at the end of each calendar month during
such period. 

All
other mortgage loans made by us (or Church Bonds purchased for investment) will be secured by a first mortgage (or deed of trust) lien
in favor of us. Although we attempt to make mortgage loans for various terms typically ranging from one to thirty years, we may determine
to emphasize longer-term fixed-rate loans in our discretion, in order to reduce the risk to us of downward interest rate fluctuations. 

Our
lending and investing operations, including determination of a prospective borrower's or church bond issuer's financial credit worthiness,
are made on our behalf by the Advisor. Employees and agents of the Advisor conduct all aspects of our business, including (i) marketing
and advertising; (ii) communication with prospective borrowers; (iii) processing loan applications; (iv) closing the loans; (v) servicing
the loans; (vi) enforcing the terms of our loans; (vii) shareholder relations and (viii) administering our day-to-day business. For its
services, the Advisor is entitled to receive a management fee equal to 1.25 annually of the Company's Average Invested Assets, plus
one-half of any origination fee charged to borrowers on mortgage loans we make. The management fee is reduced to 1 on assets from 35
million to 50 million and to .75 on assets over 50 million. The Advisor s management fees are computed and payable monthly. 

5 

Current First Mortgage Loan Terms 

We offer prospective borrowers
a selection of loan types, which include a choice of fixed or variable rates of interest indexed to the prime rate, the U.S. Treasury
10-Year Notes, or another generally recognized reference index, and having various terms to maturity, origination fees and other terms
and conditions. The terms of loans we offer may be changed by our Advisor as a result of such factors as (i) the credit quality and experience
of the borrowers; (ii) the terms of loans in our portfolio; (iii) competition from other lenders; (iv) anticipated need to increase the
overall yield on our mortgage loan portfolio; (v) local and national economic factors; and (vi) actual experience in borrowers 
demand for the loans. We currently offer the loan types described in the table below. This table describes certain material terms of loans
available from us. The table does not purport to identify all possible terms, rates, and fees we may offer. We may modify the terms identified
below or offer loan terms different than those identified below at any time. Many loans are individually negotiated and differ from the
terms described below. 

Loan Type 
 Interest Rate (1) 
 Origination Fee (2) 
 
 25/30 Year Term (3) 
 Fixed @ 8.75 /8.95 respectively 
 3.5 
 
 20 Year Term (3) 
 Variable Annually @ Prime + 2.50 
 3.5 
 
 3 Year Renewable Term (4) 
 Fixed @ 8.25 
 3.0 
 
 Construction 1 Year Term 
 Fixed @ 9.00 
 2.0 

(1) Prime means the prime rate of interest charged to preferred customers, as published by a
federally chartered bank chosen by us. We may also tie our offered interest rates to other indices. 

(2) These are target fees and negotiation of these fees with borrowers can occur. Origination
fees are generally based on the original principal amount of the loan and are collected from the borrower at the origination and renewal
of loans, one-half of which is payable directly to our Advisor. 

(3) Fully amortized repayment term. Amortization terms may vary, as may other loan terms, depending on individual
loan negotiations and competitive forces. 

(4) Renewable term loans are repaid based on a 25-year amortization schedule and are renewable at the conclusion
of their initial term for additional like terms up to an aggregated maximum of 25 years. We charge a fee of 1 upon the date of each renewal.
If renewed by the borrower, the interest rate is adjusted upon renewal to Prime plus a specified percentage spread. 

Mortgage Loan Processing and Underwriting 

Mortgage loan applications are
prepared and verified by our Advisor's personnel in our Loan Origination and Underwriting Department. Verification procedures are designed
to assure a borrower's qualification under our Financing Policies which are specifically identified herein and include, among other things,
obtaining: 

applications containing key information concerning the prospective borrowers; 

project description; 

financial statements in accordance with our Financing Policies; 

corporate records and other organizational documents of the borrower; 

preliminary title report or commitment for mortgagee title insurance; and 

a real estate appraisal in accordance with the Financing Policies. 

All appraisals are prepared by
independent third-party professionals who we approve based on their experience, reputation and education. All financial statements are
prepared by independent third-party professionals or a qualified accountant that we hire that is independent of the borrower. Completed
loan applications, together with a written summary are then presented to our Underwriting Committee. Our loan Underwriting Committee is
comprised of the Advisor's President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and certain members of its staff. Our Advisor may arrange
for the provision of mortgage title insurance and for the services of professional independent third-party accountants and appraisers
on behalf of borrowers in order to achieve 

6 

pricing
efficiencies on their behalf and to assure the efficient delivery of title commitments, preliminary title reports and title policies,
and financial statements and appraisals that meet our underwriting criteria. Our Advisor may arrange for the direct payment for such
professional services and for the direct reimbursement to it of such expenditures by borrowers and prospective borrowers. Upon closing
and funding of mortgage loans, an origination fee based on the original principal amount of each loan may be charged, of which one-half
is payable by the borrower to our Advisor, and the other one-half to us. 

Loan Commitments 

Subsequent to approval by our
Underwriting Committee, and prior to funding a loan, we may issue a loan commitment to qualified applicants. A loan commitment deposit
may be required from the borrowing church to commence the loan preparation procedure. These deposits are directly applied by the Advisor
to engage accountants and appraisers to prepare their respective reports on the church. Commitments may indicate, among other things,
the loan amount, origination fees, closing costs, underwriting expenses (if any), funding conditions, approval expiration dates and interest
rate and other terms. Commitments generally set forth a prevailing interest rate that is subject to change in accordance with
market interest rate fluctuations until the final loan closing documents are prepared, at which time we commit to a stated interest rate.
In certain cases we may establish lock in interest rate commitments up to sixty (60) days from the commitment to closing;
however, interest rate commitments beyond sixty days will not normally be issued unless we receive an appropriate fee premium based upon
our assessment of the risk associated with a longer period. 

Loan Portfolio Management 

Our portfolio of mortgage loans
and Church Bonds is managed and serviced by our Advisor in accordance with the Advisory Agreement. The Advisor is responsible for all
aspects of our mortgage loan business, including closing and recording of mortgage loans; collecting payments of principal and interest
regularly and upon the maturity of a loan; enforcing loan payments and other lender's requirements; periodic review of each mortgage loan
file and determination of its reserve classification; and exercising our remedies in connection with any defaulted or non-performing loans.
Fees and costs of attorneys, insurance, bonds and other direct expenses incurred in connection with the exercise of such remedies are
our responsibility. We may, however, recoup these expenses from the borrower in the process of pursuing our remedies. The Advisor will
not receive any additional compensation for services rendered in connection with loan portfolio management or exercising remedies on our
behalf in the event of a loan default. 

Loan Funding and Bank Borrowing 

Our mortgage loans (and our purchases
of Church Bonds) are funded with available cash. 

We have established a 4 million-dollar
line of credit with a local bank with a current outstanding balance of 2,288,000 at December 31, 2020. In addition, we may borrow up
to 300 of our shareholders equity (in the absence of a satisfactory showing that a higher level of borrowing is appropriate; any
excess in borrowing over such 300 level must be approved by a majority of the Independent Directors and disclosed to shareholders in
the next quarterly report along with justification for such excess) to make loans regardless of our capacity to (i) sell our securities
on a continuing basis, or to (ii) reposition assets from the maturity or early repayment of mortgage loans in our secured investor certificates,
minus reserves for operating expenses, and bad-debt reserves, as determined by the Advisor. Cash resources available to us for lending
purposes include, in addition to the net proceeds from any future sales of our common stock, secured investor certificates (if any) or
other debt securities, (i) principal repayments from borrowers on loans made by us and (ii) funds borrowed under any line of credit arrangement. 

Public Offerings - Secured Investor Certificates 

In September 2017, we filed a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 10,000,000 worth of Series E secured investor certificates.
The offering was declared effective by the SEC on November 6, 2017. The certificates were offered in multiples of 1,000 with interest
rates ranging from 4.00 to 6.50 , subject to changing market rates, and maturities from 5 to 15 years. The certificates are 

7 

collateralized
by certain mortgage loans receivable and church bonds of approximately the same value. As of December 31, 2020, we have sold 3,738 Series
E Secured Investor Certificates totaling 3,738,000. The offering expired on November 6, 2020. 

In July 2014, we filed a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 10,000,000 worth of Series D secured investor certificates. The offering
was declared effective by the SEC on August 12, 2014. The offering was renewed with an effective date of September 23, 2016. The certificates
were offered in multiples of 1,000 with interest rates ranging from 4.00 to 6.50 , subject to changing market rates, and maturities
from 5 and 7 to 15 years. The certificates are collateralized by certain mortgage loans receivable and church bonds of approximately the
same value. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 8,029 Series D certificates had been issued and were outstanding for 8,029,000. The
offering terminated in August 2017. 

Previously, we offered Series
A, Series B and Series C secured investor certificates, at various maturities and interest rates. The weighted average interest rate on
all outstanding certificates was 6.19 and 6.33 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of the secured
investor certificates may renew certificates at the current rates and terms upon maturity at the Company s discretion. Renewals
upon maturity are considered neither proceeds from nor issuance of secured investor certificates. Renewals of secured investor certificates
totaled approximately 1,007,000 and 793,000 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. There were no Series A secured
investor certificates outstanding as of December 31, 2020 and 2019. There were 6,022,500 and 8,855,000 representing 6,023 and 8,855
in outstanding Series B secured investor certificates as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively and there were 6,127,000 and 6,324,000
representing 6,127 and 6,324 in outstanding Series C secured investor certificates at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. All secured
investor certificates are collateralized by certain mortgage loans receivable or secured church bonds of approximately the same stated
value as the certificates. In addition, the secured investor certificates have certain financial and non-financial covenants, as set forth
in each Series respective trust indenture. 

The Advisory Agreement 

We have entered into a contract
with the Advisor (the Advisory Agreement under which the Advisor furnishes advice and recommendations concerning our business
affairs, provides administrative services to us and manages our day-to-day operations. We have no employees, but we do have two executive
officers. All our personnel needs are met through the personnel and expertise of the Advisor and its affiliates. Among other things, the
Advisor: 

serves as our mortgage loan underwriter and advisor in connection with our primary business
of making loans to churches; 

advises and selects Church Bonds to be purchased and held for investment
by us; 

services all mortgage loans we make; 

provides marketing and advertising and generates loan leads directly and
through its affiliates; 

deals with regulatory agencies, borrowers, lenders, banks, consultants,
accountants, brokers, attorneys, appraisers, insurers and others; 

supervises the preparation, filing and distribution of tax returns and reports
to governmental agencies and to shareholders and acts on our behalf in connection with shareholder relations; 

provides office space and personnel as required for the performance of the
foregoing services; and 

as requested by us, makes reports to us of its performance of the foregoing
services and furnishes advice and recommendations with respect to other aspects of our business. 

In performing its services under
the Advisory Agreement, the Advisor may use facilities, personnel and support services of its affiliates. Expenses such as legal and accounting
fees, stock transfer agent, registrar and paying agent fees and proxy solicitation expenses are direct expenses of ours and are not provided
for by the Advisor as part of its services. 

The Advisory Agreement is renewable
annually by us for one-year periods, subject to our determination, including a majority of the Independent Directors, that the Advisor's
performance has been satisfactory and that the compensation paid the Advisor has been reasonable. The Advisory Agreement was last approved
by the Board of Directors (including a majority of the Independent Directors) as of January 20, 2021. We may terminate the Advisory Agreement
with or without cause upon 60 days written notice to the Advisor. Upon termination of the Advisory Agreement by either party, the Advisor
may require us to change our name to a name that does not contain the word American, America or the name of the
Advisor or any approximation or abbreviation thereof, and that is sufficiently dissimilar to the word America or American 
or the name of the Advisor as to be unlikely to cause confusion or identification with either the Advisor or any person or entity using
the word American or America in its name. Our Board of Directors shall determine that any successor Advisor possesses
sufficient qualifications to perform the advisory function for us and justify the compensation provided for in its contract with us. 

8 

Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement,
the Advisor is required to pay all of the expenses it incurs in providing services to us, including, but not limited to, personnel expenses,
rental and other office expenses, expenses of officers and employees of the Advisor, including travel and all of its overhead and miscellaneous
administrative expenses relating to performance of its functions under the Advisory Agreement. We are required to pay all other expenses
we incur in the daily operations of our business such as the costs and expenses of reporting to various governmental agencies and
shareholders; the general conduct of our operations as a mortgage lender; fees and expenses of appraisers, directors, auditors, outside
legal counsel and transfer agents; directors and officers liability insurance premiums; unreimbursed costs directly relating to closing
of loan transactions; and costs relating to the enforcement of loan agreements and/or foreclosure proceedings. 

In the event that our Total Operating
Expenses exceed in any calendar year the greater of (a) 2 of our Average Invested Assets or (b) 25 of our net income, the Advisor is
obligated to reimburse us, to the extent of its fees for such calendar year, for the amount by which the aggregate annual operating expenses
paid or incurred by us exceed the limitation. Total operating expenses as defined in the Advisory Agreement exclude expenses of raising
capital, interest payments, taxes, non-cash expenditures (including, but not limited to, depreciation, amortization and bad debt reserves),
incentive fees and property operation and disposition costs. The Independent Directors may, upon a finding of unusual and non-recurring
factors which they deem sufficient, determine that a higher level of expenses is justified in any given year. 

Our bylaws provide that the Independent
Directors are to determine at least annually the reasonableness of the compensation we pay to our Advisor. The Advisory Agreement was
renewed for a one-year period as of January 20, 2021 and the reasonableness of our Advisor s compensation was reviewed as of this
date as well. Factors considered in reviewing the Advisory Fee include the size of the fees of the Advisor in relation to the size, composition
and profitability of our loan portfolio, the rates charged by other advisors performing comparable services, the success of the Advisor
in generating opportunities that meet our investment objectives, the amount of additional revenues realized by the Advisor for other services
performed for us, the quality and extent of service and advice furnished by the Advisor, the quality of our investments in relation to
investments generated by the Advisor for its own account, if any, and the performance of our investments. 

The Advisory Agreement provides
for indemnification by us of the Advisor and each of its directors, officers and employees against expense or liability arising out of
such person's activities in rendering services to us, provided that the conduct against which the claim is made was determined by such
person, in good faith, to be in our best interests and was not the result of negligence or misconduct. 

Financing Policies 

Our business of mortgage lending
to churches and other non-profit religious organizations is managed in accordance with and subject to the policies, guidelines, restrictions
and limitations identified herein (collectively, the Financing Policy ). The intent of the Financing Policy is to identify
for our shareholders not only the general business in which we are involved, but the parameters of our lending business. These policies
may not be changed (except in certain immaterial respects by majority approval of the Board of Directors) without the approval of a majority
of the Independent Directors, and the holders of a majority of our outstanding shares at a duly held meeting for that purpose: 

(i) Loans made by us will be limited to churches and other non-profit religious organizations and will be
secured by mortgages. The total principal amount of all second mortgage loans that we fund is limited to 20 of Average Invested Assets.
All other loans will be first mortgage loans. 

(ii) The total principal amount of mortgage-secured debt securities we purchase from churches and other non-profit
religious organizations is limited to 40 of our Average Invested Assets. 

(iii) The loan amount cannot exceed 75 of the value of the real estate and improvements securing each loan,
such value being determined based on a written appraisal prepared by an appraiser acceptable to the Advisor. On all loans, we will require
a written appraisal certified by a member of the Appraisal Institute MAI ), or a state-certified appraiser. 

(iv) An ALTA (American Land Title Association) or equivalent Mortgage Title Policy must be furnished to us
by the borrower insuring our mortgage interest. 

(v) The borrower's long-term debt (including the proposed loan) cannot exceed four times their gross income
for the previous twelve (12) months. 

9 

(vi) The borrower must furnish us with financial statements (balance sheet and income and expense statement)
for its last three (3) complete fiscal years and current financial statements for the period within ninety (90) days of the loan closing
date. A borrower must have the last complete fiscal year financial statements reviewed by a certified public accountant (CPA) engaged
by the borrower and who is independent of the borrower. On loans in excess of 500,000 our Advisor may require the last complete fiscal
year be audited by a CPA engaged by the borrower and who is independent of the borrower. In lieu of the above requirement, we or our Advisor
may employ a qualified accountant. The qualified accountant we employ would be required to be independent of the borrower. Our employed
qualified accountant would not be independent of us. Compiled financial statements of the borrower are acceptable from our employed qualified
accountant. Along with the compiled financial statements of the borrower, our employed qualified accountant would perform partial and
targeted review examination procedures for borrowers. On loans in excess of 500,000, the Advisor may require partial and targeted audit
examination procedures for borrowers. 

(vii) Borrowers in existence for less than three (3) fiscal years must provide financial statements since their
inception. No loan will be extended to a borrower in operation less than two (2) calendar years absent express approval by our Board of
Directors . 

(viii) The Advisor typically requires the borrower to arrange for automatic electronic payment or drafting of
monthly payments. 

(ix) The Advisor may require (i) key-man life insurance on the life of the senior pastor of a church; (ii)
personal guarantees of church members and/or affiliates; and (iii) other security enhancements for our benefit. 

(x) The borrower must agree to provide to us annual reports (including financial statements) within 120 days
of each fiscal year end beginning with the fiscal year end next following the funding of the loan. 

(xi) The Advisor may require the borrower to grant to us a security interest in all personal property located
and to be located upon the mortgaged premises (excluding property leased by the borrower). 

(xii) We require borrowers to maintain a general perils and liability coverage insurance policy naming us as
the loss-payee in connection with damage or destruction to the property of the borrower which typically includes weather-related damage,
fire, vandalism and theft. Our Advisor may require the borrower to provide flood, earthquake and/or other special coverage. 

These Financing Policies are in addition to the prohibited
investments and activities identified below and which are set forth in our Bylaws. 

Prohibited Investments and Activities 

Our Bylaws impose certain prohibitions
and restrictions on our investment practices and lending activities, including prohibitions against: 

(i) Investing more than 10 of our total assets in unimproved real property or mortgage loans on unimproved
real property; 

(ii) Investing in commodities or commodity futures contracts other than interest rate futures contracts
intended only for hedging purposes; 

(iii) Investing in mortgage loans (including construction loans) on any one property which in the aggregate
with all other mortgage loans on the property would exceed 75 of the appraised value of the property unless substantial justification
exists because of the presence of other underwriting criteria; 

(iv) Investing in mortgage loans that are subordinate to any mortgage or equity interest of the Advisor or
the Directors or any of their affiliates; 

(v) Investing
in equity securities; 

10 

(vi) Engaging
in any short sales of securities or in trading, as distinguished from investment activities; 

(vii) Issuing
redeemable equity securities; 

(viii) Engaging
in underwriting or the agency distribution of securities issued by others; 

(ix) Issuing options or warrants to purchase our shares at an exercise price less than the fair market value
of the shares on the date of the issuance or if the issuance thereof would exceed 10 in the aggregate of our outstanding shares; 

(x) The aggregate borrowings of the corporation, secured and unsecured, must be reasonable in relation to
the Shareholders Equity of the corporation and must be reviewed by the Independent Directors at least quarterly. The maximum amount
of such borrowings cannot exceed 300 of shareholders equity. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 level must be approved by
a majority of Independent Directors and disclosed to shareholders in the next quarterly report along with justification for such excess; 

(xi) Investing in real estate contracts of sale unless such contracts are in recordable form and are appropriately
recorded in the chain of title; 

(xii) Selling or leasing to the Advisor, a Director or any affiliate thereof unless approved by a majority of
our Directors (including a majority of our Independent Directors), who are not otherwise interested in such transaction, as being fair
and reasonable to us; 

(xiii) Acquiring property from any Advisor or Director, or any affiliate thereof, unless a majority of our Directors
(including a majority of our Independent Directors) who are not otherwise interested in such transaction approve the transaction as being
fair and reasonable and at a price to us which is no greater than the cost of the asset to such Advisor, Director or any affiliate thereof,
or if the price to us is in excess of such cost, that substantial justification for such excess exists and such excess is reasonable.
In no event shall the cost of such asset exceed its current appraised value; 

(xiv) Investing or making mortgage loans unless a mortgagee's or owner's title insurance policy or commitment
as to the priority of the mortgage or condition of title is obtained; or 

(xv) Issuing shares on a deferred payment basis or other similar arrangement. 

We do not invest in the securities
of other issuers for the purpose of exercising control, engage in the purchase and sale of investments other than as described in this
Report, offer securities in exchange for property unless deemed prudent by a majority of the Directors, or make loans to other persons
except in the ordinary course of our business as described herein. 

We will not make loans to or
borrow from, or enter into any contract, joint venture or transaction with, any of our Directors or officers, the Advisor or any affiliate
of any of the foregoing unless a majority of our Directors, including a majority of our Independent Directors, approves the transaction
as fair and reasonable to us and the transaction is on terms and conditions no less favorable to us than those available from unaffiliated
third parties. Any investment by us in any property, mortgage or other real estate interest pursuant to a transaction with the Advisor
or any Directors or officers thereof will be based upon an appraisal of the underlying property from an independent qualified appraiser
selected by the Independent Directors and will not be made at a price greater than fair market value as determined by such appraisal. 

Under Performing and Non-Performing Loans 

As of December 31, 2020, we had
nine first mortgage loans totaling approximately 3,384,000 that are three or more monthly payments in arrears. We may incur a loss if
these borrowers are unable to bring their payments current and we are compelled to foreclose on their properties. We may be unable to
dispose of the foreclosed properties on terms that enable us to recoup our expenses and outstanding balances. 

As of December 31, 2020, we held
title to one property located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas via deed in lieu of foreclosure, with an outstanding loan balance totaling 237,760.
The Church is still occupying this property and paying rent while trying to either sell the building or obtain refinancing. We foreclosed
on another property located in Atlanta, Georgia which we are currently 

11 

owed
 551,062. We have obtained title to the property but have not taken possession due to court proceedings in which the previous owner has
filed numerous appeals regarding our foreclosure. 

As of December 31, 2019, we had
ten first mortgage loans totaling approximately 4,074,000 that were three or more monthly payments in arrears. In addition, we held title
to one property located in Bethel, Ohio through a 2018 foreclosure process with an outstanding balance of 114,632. We subsequently sold
this property in 2020 for 87,594 after realtor fees and closing costs. 

Competition 

The business of making loans
to churches and other non-profit religious organizations is highly competitive. We compete with a wide variety of investors and other
lenders, including banks, insurance companies, pension funds and fraternal organizations which may have investment objectives similar
to our own. A number of these competitors have greater financial resources, larger staffs and longer operating histories than we do. We
compete principally by limiting our business niche to lending to churches and other non-profit religious organizations, offering
loans with competitive and flexible terms, and emphasizing our expertise in the specialized industry segment of lending to churches and
other religious organizations. Our competitive specialty is in offering fixed-rate, long-term loans, which few of our competitors
make available to churches. 

Employees 

We have no employees, but we
have two executive officers: Philip J. Myers, our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Scott J. Marquis, our Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer. Our daily operations and other material aspects of our business are managed by Church Loan Advisors, Inc. (the Advisor on a turn-key basis using employees of the Advisor and/or its Affiliates. At present, certain officers and directors of
the Advisor are providing services to us at no charge and which will not be reimbursed to them. These services include, among others,
legal and analytic services relating to the execution of our business plan, development and preparation of reports to be filed under the
Securities Exchange Act, and utilization of proprietary forms and documents utilized by the Advisor in connection with our business operations. 

Subject to the supervision of
the Board of Directors, our business is managed by the Advisor, which provides us investment advisory and administrative services. Philip
J. Myers, our Chief Executive Officer, President and a Director, is President of the Advisor and President of American Investors Group,
Inc., the underwriter of our past public offerings and the bond offerings in which we have purchased Church Bonds. The Company utilizes
two employees of the Advisor on a full-time basis and one member of its staff on a part-time or other basis. The Company does not presently
expect to directly employ anyone in the foreseeable future, since all of our administrative functions and operations are contracted through
the Advisor. However, legal, accounting and certain other services are provided to us by outside professionals and paid by us directly. 

Operations 

Our operations are currently
located in the 3,000 square foot offices of the Advisor s affiliate, Church Loan Advisors, Inc., 10400 Yellow Circle Drive, Ste.
102, Minnetonka, Minnesota 55343. These facilities are being leased by Church Loan Advisors, Inc. on our behalf. The lease expires November
30, 2021. We are charged 2,500 for our use of these facilities, but are not charged for our use of computers, copying services, telephones,
facsimile machines, postage service, office supplies or employee services, since these costs are covered by the advisory fee paid to the
Advisor. However, we do pay postage service for costs associated with the distribution of dividends and proxy materials to our shareholders. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Risks Related to Mortgage Lending 

The Outbreak of the Novel Coronavirus
(COVID-19) has Adversely Affected the Operations of Churches and Other Non-Profit Religious Organizations Operations in general. The
outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) has reduced the ability of people to congregate and has adversely affected the operations
of churches and other non-profit religious organizations in general. The actual and threatened spread of coronavirus globally or in the
regions in which we operate, or future widespread outbreak of infectious or contagious disease, such as influenza, coronavirus, measles,
mumps, zika virus, or similar viruses, can continue to adversely affect the operations of our borrowers in general. 

The extent to which our business
may be affected by the coronavirus will largely depend on future developments which we cannot accurately predict, and its impact on our
borrowers, including the duration of the outbreak, the continued spread 

12 

and
treatment of the coronavirus, and new information and developments that may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the
actions to contain the coronavirus or treat its impact, among others. To the extent that churches and other non-profit religious organizations
operations in the U.S. are materially and adversely affected by the coronavirus, our business and financial results could be materially
and adversely impacted. 

In 2020, we provided some temporary
relief by allowing borrowers to either make interest only payments for a period of 90 days or forgo one monthly mortgage payment (forbearance).
We provided nine churches, totaling approximately 3,209,000 in principal outstanding, ninety days interest only payments. We also provided
five churches with a total of approximately 2,618,000 in principal outstanding, one-month forbearance of its mortgage payments. As of
December 31, 2020, all churches, except four, have returned to full monthly amortized payments. These four churches totaling approximately
 758,000, in principal outstanding, have remained on interest only payments due to continual shelter-in-place or restrictions on gathering
by either local or state government agencies. 

A Recession Could have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Mortgage Lending Industry and Our Results of Operations. The performance of the mortgage lending industry
usually follows the general economy. During the recession of 2008 and 2009, mortgage lending was reduced and borrowers 
ability to remain current on loans was severely strained, which had a significant effect on our results of operations. A stall in
the economic recovery or a resurgent recession could have a material adverse effect on the mortgage lending and church bond industry and,
thus, on our results of operations. 

We Are Subject to the Risks Generally Associated
with Mortgage Lending. Mortgage lending involves various risks, many of which are unpredictable and beyond our control and foresight.
It is not possible to identify all potential risks associated with mortgage lending. Some of the more common risks encountered may be
summarized as follows: 

low demand for mortgage loans 
 
 interest rate and real estate valuation fluctuations 
 
 changes in the level of consumer confidence 
 
 availability of credit-worthy borrowers 
 
 national and local economic conditions 
 
 demographic and population patterns 
 
 zoning regulations 
 
 taxes and tax law changes 

availability of alternative financing and competitive conditions 
 
 factors affecting specific borrowers 
 
 losses associated with default, foreclosure of a mortgage, and sale of the mortgaged property 
 
 state and federal laws and regulations 
 
 bankruptcy or insolvency of a borrower 
 
 borrower s misrepresentation(s) and/or fraud 

Losses Associated with Default,
Foreclosure of a Mortgage and Sale of Mortgaged Property Pose Additional Risks . We have experienced losses associated with default,
foreclosure of mortgages, and sales of mortgaged properties. The time frame to foreclose on a property varies from state to state, and
delays can occur due to backlog in court dockets; we have experienced delays from 12 to 48 months. Such delays have and can cause the
value of the mortgaged property to further deteriorate due to lack of maintenance. Theft and vandalism have also occurred on certain of
our foreclosed properties. Some borrowers have removed fixtures and furnishings including sound systems, chairs, pulpits, appliances,
mechanical and electrical systems prior to vacating the facility which further reduces the value of our collateral. The properties also
incur operating expenses pending their sale (resale marketing, property insurance, security, repairs and maintenance) and these expenses
could be substantial if we cannot readily dispose of the property. Expenses related to the foregoing and diminution in value could prevent
us from recovering the full value of a loan in the event of foreclosure, which shortfall would decrease the value of assets held by the
Company and could negatively impact the Company s ability to pay interest on its outstanding secured investor certificates or dividends
to shareholders. 

Real Estate Taxes Resulting
from a Foreclosure May Prevent Us from Recovering the Full Value of a Loan . If we foreclose on a mortgage and take legal title to
a church s real estate, real estate taxes could be levied and assessed against the property since the property would no longer be
owned by a non-profit entity. These expenses would be our financial responsibility and could be substantial in relation to our prior loan
if we cannot readily dispose of the property. Such expenses could prevent us from recovering the full value of a loan in the event of
foreclosure, which shortfall would decrease the value of assets held by the Company. 

Second Mortgage Loans Pose
Additional Risks . Our financing policies allow us to make second mortgage loans. The principal amount of such loans may not exceed
20 of our Average Invested Assets. Second mortgage loans entail more risk 

13 

than
first mortgage loans, as foreclosure of senior indebtedness or liens could require us to pay the senior debt or risk losing our mortgage
or reduced collateral value may reduce or eliminate our security. 

Fixed and Variable-Rate Debt
Can Result in Yield Fluctuations . Fixed and variable-rate debt obligations carry certain risks. A general rise in interest rates could
make the yield on a particular mortgage loan lower than prevailing rates. This could negatively affect our value and consequently the
value of our shares and certificates. Neither we nor our Advisor can predict changes in interest rates. We will attempt to reduce this
risk by maintaining medium and longer-term mortgage loans and through offering adjustable rate loans to borrowers. We do not intend to
borrow funds or sell certificates if the cost of such borrowing exceeds the income we believe we can earn from lending the funds. The
current average holding period of our debt is approximately seven and a half years, which has mitigated this risk in yield fluctuations. 

The Mortgage Banking Industry
Is Highly Competitive . We compete with a wide variety of lenders, including banks, credit unions, insurance companies, pension funds
and fraternal organizations for mortgage loans. Many competitors have greater financial resources, larger staffs and longer operating
histories than we have, and thus may be a more attractive lender to potential borrowers. We intend to compete by limiting our business
 niche to lending to churches and other non-profit religious organizations, offering loans with competitive and flexible
terms, and emphasizing our expertise in the specialized industry segment of lending to churches and other non-profit religious organizations. 

Fluctuations in Interest Rates
May Affect Our Ability to Generate New Loans . Prevailing market interest rates impact borrower decisions to obtain new loans or to
refinance existing loans, possibly having a negative effect upon our ability to originate mortgage loans. If interest rates decrease and
the economic advantages of refinancing mortgage loans increase, then prepayments of higher interest mortgage loans in our portfolio would
likely reduce our portfolio s overall rate of return (yield). 

We Are Subject to the Risks
Associated with Fluctuations in National and Local Economic Conditions . The mortgage lending industry is subject to increased credit
risks and foreclosure rates during economic downturns. In addition, because we provide mortgages to churches and other religious organizations
who generally receive financing through charitable contributions, our financial results are subject to fluctuations based on a lack of
consumer confidence or a severe or prolonged national or regional recession. As a result of these and other circumstances, our potential
borrowers may decide to defer or terminate plans for financing their properties. In addition, during such economic times we may be unable
to locate as many credit-worthy borrowers. In addition, we believe the risks associated with our business are more severe during periods
of economic slowdown or recession if these periods are accompanied by declining values in real estate. For example, declining real estate
values would likely reduce the level of new loan originations, since borrowers often use increases in the value of their existing properties
to support the purchase of or investment in additional properties. Borrowers may also be less able to pay principal and interest on our
loans if the real estate economy is weak, which could result in higher default rates. Higher default rates could adversely affect the
Company s results of operations, which could negatively impact the Company s ability to pay interest on the certificates and
dividends to shareholders. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses in the
event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover our basis in the investment. 

The Company Faces Certain
Risks and Uncertainties Related to Financing and Liquidity, and These Volatilities Could Have an Impact on Its Operations and Its Ability
to Maintain its Long-term Capital Needs and/or Secure Additional Financing. The Company faces certain risks and uncertainties, particularly
during volatile market conditions. In addition, liquidity, during such time periods, can be tight in all financial markets, including
the debt and equity markets. These volatilities could have an impact on operations to the extent that the Company experiences slower maturities
or repayment of mortgage loans, illiquid markets for our bond portfolio, or a higher redemption rate on our secured investor certificates
than has been the case historically. 

Our Business May Be Adversely
Affected if Our Borrowers Become Insolvent or Bankrupt . If any of our borrowers become insolvent or bankrupt, the borrower s
mortgage payments will be delayed and may cease entirely. Because our borrowers are churches and other religious organizations who generally
receive financing through charitable contributions, if their members experience a decrease in pay or lose their jobs and are unable to
secure new ones, they may make fewer or no contributions to our borrowers, which could result in the borrower s inability to make
mortgage payments or make them on time. In those situations, we may be forced to foreclose on the mortgage and take legal title to the
real estate and incur expenses related to the foreclosure and disposition of the property. Such increased expenses paired with possible
lower real estate values (having been reduced by the foregoing expenses) could adversely affect the Company s results of operations. 

We Have Fluctuating Earnings.
 As a mortgage lender, we make provision for losses relating to our loan portfolio and sometimes take impairment charges due to our
borrowers defaulting or declaring bankruptcy. Increases in the occurrence of such events results in greater fluctuation of our earnings,
which reduces our net income. Our earnings are also impacted by 

14 

non-performing
assets and the carrying cost of maintaining such assets (taxes, insurance and maintenance). Inconsistent earnings could adversely affect
the Company s financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Mortgage Lending to Churches 

Churches Rely on Member Contributions
to Repay Our Loans. Churches typically rely on member contributions for their primary source of income. As such, member contributions
are the primary source used to repay our loans. The membership of a church or the per capita contributions of its members may not increase
or remain constant after a loan is funded. A decrease in a church s income could result in its temporary or continued inability
to pay its obligation to us, which may affect our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or pay interest or principal due on certificates.
We have no control over the financial performance of a borrowing church after a loan is funded. 

Churches Depend Upon Their
Senior Pastors. A church s senior pastor usually plays an important role in the management, leadership and continued viability
of that church. A senior pastor s absence, resignation or death could have a negative impact on a church s operations, and
thus its continued ability to generate revenues sufficient to service its obligations to us. 

The Limited Use Nature of
Church Facilities Can Limit the Resale Value of Our Mortgage Collateral . Our loans are secured principally by first mortgages upon
the real estate and improvements owned or to be owned by borrowing churches. Although we will require an appraisal of the premises as
a pre-condition to making a loan, the appraised value of the premises cannot be relied upon as being the actual amount which might be
obtained in the event we need to foreclose after a default by the borrower. The actual liquidation value of a church, school or other
institutional premises could be adversely affected by, among other factors: (i) its limited use nature; (ii) the availability on the market
of similar properties; (iii) the availability and cost of financing, rehabilitation or renovation to prospective buyers; (iv) the length
of time the seller is willing to hold the property on the market; or (v) the availability in the area of the mortgaged property of congregations
or other buyers willing to pay the fair value for a church facility. These factors may influence our decision to restructure the terms
of a non-performing loan rather than foreclose on a church property which may decrease the amount of the loan we recover. 

Expenses of Foreclosure May
Prevent Us from Recovering the Full Value of a Loan . If we foreclose on a mortgage and take legal title to a church s real estate,
real estate taxes could be levied and assessed against the property until sold since the property would no longer be owned by a non-profit
entity. The property may also incur operating expenses pending its sale, such as resale marketing, property insurance, utilities, security,
repairs and maintenance. These expenses would be our financial responsibility and could be substantial in relation to our prior loan if
we cannot readily dispose of the property. Such expenses could prevent us from recovering the full value of a loan in the event of foreclosure. 

Risks Related to Us 

Our Failure to Qualify as
a Real Estate Investment Trust Could Reduce the Funds We Have Available For Investment . We operate as a real estate investment trust REIT ). As a REIT, we are allowed a deduction for dividends paid to our shareholders in computing our taxable income. Thus,
only our shareholders are taxed on our taxable income that we distribute. This treatment substantially eliminates the double taxation 
of earnings to which most corporations and their shareholders are subject. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly
technical and complex Internal Revenue Code provisions. 

To qualify and maintain our status
as a REIT, we must meet certain share ownership, income, asset and distribution tests on a continuing basis. No assurance can be given
that we will satisfy these tests at all times. Further, the requirements for a REIT may substantially affect day-to-day decision-making
by our Advisor. Our Advisor may be forced to take action it would not otherwise take or refrain from action which might otherwise be desirable
in order to maintain our REIT status. 

If we fail to qualify as a REIT
in any taxable year, then we would be subject to federal income tax on our taxable income at regular corporate rates and not be allowed
a deduction for distributions to shareholders. We would be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following
the year of losing our REIT status. We intend to continue to operate as a REIT. However, future economic, market, legal, tax or other
consequences may cause our Board of Directors to revoke the REIT election. The payment of taxes resulting from our disqualification as
a REIT or revocation of REIT status would reduce the funds available for distribution to shareholders or for investment. 

Consistent with our qualification
as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we do not file state income tax returns in all states in which the collateral securing our
loans is located. Since our inception, no state has ever asserted a claim for income taxes on any amount of our earnings or any aspect
of our operations. Although we believe our position as it relates to state 

15 

income
taxes is appropriate, there can be no assurance that in the future any state tax jurisdiction will not pursue payment of some amount
of state income taxes. 

Conflicts of Interest Arise
from Our Relationship with Our Advisor . The terms of transactions involving our formation and the formation of our Advisor, and our
contractual relationship with our Advisor, were not negotiated at arm s-length. Our non-independent directors and officers may have
conflicts of interest in enforcing agreements between us and our Advisor. Future business arrangements and agreements between us and our
Advisor and their affiliates must be approved by our Board of Directors, including a majority of our Independent Directors. 

Risks Related to the Shares 

Lack of Liquidity and Inconsistent
Public Market Price. Our common stock is not currently listed or traded on any exchange. Pink Sheet price quotations
for our stock under the symbol ACMC were made at certain isolated times during 2020 by other broker-dealers at prices as
low as 0.53 per share and as high as 2.40 per share. In addition, the market for REIT securities historically has been less liquid than
non-real estate types of publicly-traded equity securities. Because of such illiquidity and the fact that the shares would be valued by
market-makers (if a material market develops) based on market forces which consider various factors beyond our control, there can be no
assurance that the market value of the shares at any given time would be the same or higher than the public purchase price of our shares.
In addition, the market price, if a material market develops, could decline if the yields from other competitive investments exceed the
actual dividends paid by us on our shares. 

There Are Restrictions on
Certain Transfers of Our Shares. Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws prohibit a transfer of shares to any person who, as a result,
would beneficially own shares in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding capital stock and allow us to redeem shares held by any person in excess
of 9.8 of the outstanding capital stock. These provisions may reduce market activity for the shares and the opportunity for shareholders
to receive a premium for their shares. 

Fluctuations in Interest Rates
May Cause the Value of Our Shares to Fluctuate. Prevailing market interest rates impact borrower decisions to obtain new loans or
to refinance existing loans, possibly having a negative effect upon our ability to originate mortgage loans. Fluctuations in interest
rates may cause the value of the shares to fluctuate unpredictably. If interest rates increase and we are unable to deploy funds into
higher yielding mortgage loans, the dividends we pay may be less than other organizations which may have investment objectives similar
to our own. 

Interest Payments to Certificate
Holders May Reduce Dividend Payments on Our Shares. We attempt to deploy our capital into new loans at rates that provide a positive
interest rate spread. This spread, however, may be materially and adversely affected by changes in prevailing interest rates which would
reduce our net income. If this occurs, we may not have sufficient net income after paying interest on the certificates to maintain dividends
to shareholders at the levels paid in the past or even to pay dividends at all. In addition, because dividends are directly affected by
the yields generated on the Company s portfolio of loans and bonds, shareholders dividends can be expected to fluctuate significantly
with interest rates generally. 

Risks Related to the Indebtedness/Certificates 

We May Be Unable to Generate
Sufficient Cash Flow to Service Our Debt Obligations. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund our operations
depends on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to generate future cash is subject to general economic, industry, financial,
competitive, operating, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. As such, we cannot assure you that our
business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under a credit arrangement
in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay amounts due on our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. 

Our ability to obtain additional
financing, if needed, will depend on, among other things: (i) our financial condition at the time; (ii) restrictions on outstanding indebtedness;
and (iii) other factors, including the condition of the financial markets or the real estate and real estate lending markets. If we do
not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, and additional borrowings or proceeds of asset sales are not available to us, we may
not have sufficient cash to enable us to meet all of our obligations, which could affect our tax status as a REIT. 

We May Incur More Indebtedness.
 We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. We may assign or pledge some of our mortgage-secured promissory notes or other
collateral in connection with incurring any additional indebtedness. Under our Bylaws, as amended, we may incur indebtedness up to 300 
of our shareholder s equity, the level permitted under North American Securities Administrators Association NASAA guidelines, in the absence of a satisfactory showing that a higher 

16 

level
of borrowing is appropriate; any excess in borrowing over such 300 level must be approved by a majority of the Independent Directors
and disclosed to shareholders in the next quarterly report along with justification for such excess. 

There Are Potential Adverse
Effects Associated with Lending Borrowed Funds. In the past, we have deployed the proceeds from the sale of secured investor certificates
into loans to, and bonds issued by, churches and other non-profit religious organizations. We have also used a credit facility from time
to time to fund loans and purchase bonds. Lending borrowed funds is subject to greater risks than in unleveraged lending. The profit we
realize from lending borrowed funds is largely determined by the difference, or spread, between the interest rates we pay
on the borrowed funds and the interest rates that our borrowers pay us. Our spread may be materially and adversely affected by changes
in prevailing interest rates. Furthermore, the financing costs associated with lending borrowed funds could decrease the effective spread
in lending borrowed funds, which could adversely affect our ability to pay interest on and repay the certificates as they mature. 

There Is No Public Market
for the Secured Investor Certificates . There is no market for the secured investor certificates. It is unlikely that a market will
develop. There are no current plans to list the secured investor certificates on any exchange or for a broker-dealer to make a market
in the secured investor certificates. In addition, the market for REIT securities historically has been less liquid than the markets for
other types of publicly-traded securities. 

There Is No Sinking Fund,
Insurance or Guarantee Associated with the Secured Investor Certificates. We do not contribute funds to a separate account, commonly
known as a sinking fund, to repay principal or interest on the secured investor certificates upon maturity or default. Our secured investor
certificates are not certificates of deposit or similar obligations of, or guaranteed by, any depository institution. Further, no governmental
or other entity insures or guarantees payment on the secured investor certificates if we do not have enough funds to make principal or
interest payments. Therefore, holders of our secured investor certificates have to rely on our revenue from operations, along with the
security provided by the collateral for the secured investor certificates, for repayment of principal and interest on them. 

The Collateral for the Secured
Investor Certificates May Not Be Adequate If We Default . The secured investor certificates must at all times be secured by mortgage-secured
promissory notes and church bonds having an outstanding principal balance equal to at least 100 of the outstanding principal balance
of the secured investor certificates. If we default in the repayment of the secured investor certificates, or another event of default
occurs, the trustee will not be able to foreclose on the mortgages securing the promissory notes and bonds in order to obtain funds to
repay certificate holders. Rather, the trustee will need to look to the revenue stream associated with our borrowers payments on
or repayment of the promissory notes and bonds or revenue derived from sale of the promissory notes or bonds to repay certificate holders.
If the trustee chooses to rely on revenues received from our borrowers, certificate holders may face a delay in payment on certificates
in the event of default, as borrowers will repay their obligations to us in accordance with amortization schedules associated with their
promissory notes or bonds. If the trustee chooses to sell promissory notes or bonds in the event of our default, the proceeds from the
sales may not be sufficient to repay our obligations on all outstanding or defaulted secured investor certificates. 

The Secured Investor Certificates
Are Not Negotiable Instruments and Are Subject to Restrictions on Transfer. The secured investor certificates are not negotiable debt
instruments. Rights of record ownership of the secured investor certificates may be transferred only with our Advisor s prior written
consent. Certificate holders are not able to freely transfer the secured investor certificates. 

We Are Obligated to Redeem
Secured Investor Certificates Only In Limited Circumstances. Certificate holders have no right to require us to prepay or redeem any
certificate prior to its maturity date, except in the case of death or if we replace our current Advisor. Further, even in the event of
death, we will not be required to redeem secured investor certificates if we have redeemed at least 25,000 of principal amount of certificates
for the benefit of estates during the calendar quarter. There is no present intention to redeem secured investor certificates prior to
maturity except in the case of death of a certificate holder. 

We May Not Have Sufficient
Available Cash to Redeem Secured Investor Certificates If We Terminate Our Advisory Agreement with Our Current Advisor. We will be
required to offer to redeem all outstanding secured investor certificates if we terminate our advisory agreement with Church Loan Advisors,
Inc., our Advisor, for any reason. If the holders of a significant principal amount of secured investor certificates request that we redeem
their certificates, we may be required to sell a portion of our mortgage loan and church bond portfolio to satisfy the redemption requests.
Any such sale could be at a discount to the recorded value of the mortgage loans and bonds being sold. Further, if we are unable to sell
loans or church bonds in our portfolio, we may be unable to satisfy the redemption obligations. 

The Indenture Contains Limited
Protection for Holders of Secured Investor Certificates . The indenture governing the secured investor certificates contains only limited
events of default other than our failure to pay principal and interest on the 

17 

certificates
on time. Further, the indenture provides for only limited protection for holders of certificates upon a consolidation or merger between
us and another entity or the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets. If we default in the repayment of the secured
investor certificates under the indenture, certificate holders will have to rely on the trustee to exercise any remedies on their behalf.
Certificate holders will not be able to seek remedies against us directly. 

Risks Related to Management 

We Are Dependent Upon Our
Advisor . Our Advisor, Church Loan Advisors, Inc., has managed us since commencement of active business operations in 1996 and selects
our investments subject to general supervision by our Board of Directors and compliance with our lending policies. We depend upon our
Advisor and its personnel for most aspects of our business operations. Our success depends on the success of our Advisor in locating borrowers
and negotiating loans upon terms favorable to us. Among others, our Advisor performs the following services for us: 

mortgage loan marketing and procurement 
 
 bond portfolio selection and investment 
 
 mortgage loan underwriting 
 
 mortgage loan servicing 
 
 money management 
 
 developing and maintaining business relationships 
 
 maintaining goodwill 

managing relationships with our accountants and attorneys 
 
 corporate management 
 
 bookkeeping 
 
 reporting to state, federal, tax and other regulatory authorities 
 
 reports to shareholders and shareholder relations 
 
 loan enforcement and collections 

Our shareholders right
to participate in management is generally limited to the election of directors. Certificate holders have no right to participate in our
management or the election of directors. Certificate holders must be willing to entrust our management to our Advisor and our Board of
Directors. 

We Have Conflicts of Interest
with Our Advisor and Affiliates. Affiliations and conflicts of interests exist among our officers and directors and the owner and
officers and directors of our Advisor and affiliates. Our Advisor and affiliates are controlled by our Chief Executive Officer and President,
Philip J. Myers. 

Our Bylaws limit the amount of
all commissions, mark-downs or mark-ups paid to American. Our business dealings with our Advisor and its affiliates outside of the ordinary
course of our activities are subject to approval by a majority of our Board of Directors, including a majority of our Independent Directors. 

Generally, mortgage loans we
originate are smaller than the bond financings originated by American. However, there may be circumstances where our Advisor and American
could recommend either type of financing to a prospective borrower. The decisions of our Advisor and American could affect the credit
quality of our portfolio. 

Redemption Obligations Relating
to the Secured Investor Certificates May Affect Our Ability to Replace Our Advisor. We will be required to offer to redeem all outstanding
secured investor certificates if we terminate our Advisory Agreement with Church Loan Advisors, Inc. Our Independent Directors are required
to review and approve the advisory agreement with our Advisor on an annual basis. The redemption provision relating to the secured investor
certificates may have the effect of reducing our ability to replace our current Advisor. 

Risks Related to Environmental Laws 

We May Face Liability Under
Environmental Laws. Under federal, state and local laws and regulations, a secured lender (like us) may be liable, under certain limited
circumstances, for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances and other costs (including government
fines and injuries to persons and adjacent property). Liability may be imposed whether or not the owner or lender knew of, or was responsible
for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. The costs of remediation or removal of hazardous or toxic substances, or of fines
for personal or property damages, may be substantial and material to our business operations. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances,
or the failure to promptly remediate such substances, may adversely affect our ability to resell real estate collateral after foreclosure
or could cause us to forego foreclosure. This is a changing area of the law. The courts have found both in favor and against lender liability
in this area under various factual scenarios. 

The Collateral For Our Loans
and Our Lenders May Be Subject to Environmental Claims. If there are environmental problems associated with the real estate securing
any of our loans, the associated remediation or removal requirements imposed 

18 

by
federal, state and local laws could affect our ability to realize value on our collateral or our borrowers ability to repay their
loans. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our operations are located in
the leased offices of Church Loan Advisors, Inc. It is expected that for the foreseeable future our operations will continue to be housed
in these or similar leased premises along with the Advisor. We are directly charged for rent, but we do not incur other costs relating
to such leased space, because our Advisor includes these expenses in the Advisory Fee. 

Real Estate Held for Sale/Description of Properties
Acquired through Foreclosure 

As of December 31, 2020, we owned
two properties which we acquired through the foreclosure process. The first property, located in Atlanta, Georgia had a carrying value
of approximately 433,000. We have obtained title to the property but have not taken possession due to court proceedings in which the
previous owner has filed numerous appeals regarding our foreclosure. The second property we own is located in Pine Bluff, Arkansas and
was acquired via deed in lieu of foreclosure and is available for sale. However, it is currently not listed as we have allowed the church
to either obtain financing from another source or list the property for sale. The Church is paying rent while trying to either sell the
building or obtain refinancing. We received approximately 15,000 in rental payments from the Church for the year ended December 31, 2020.
This property is being carried at the fair value which is approximately 226,000 as of December 31, 2020. The situation with respect to
each property is reviewed periodically. The general competitive conditions surrounding the potential sale of our properties are tied,
in large part, to the fact that they are special-use properties with variable zoning restrictions. We principally lend to churches, which
are commonly exempt from zoning restrictions. However, while a church property may be exempt from zoning restrictions, if it is located
in a residential area, it still may only be used as a church, thereby limiting the pool of potential buyers. On the other hand, a church
or other property that is zoned for commercial use generally experiences higher demand, as potential buyers can convert the property to
their own business use. As such, our properties located in residential areas typically experience less demand than those zoned for commercial
use. Both the Pine Bluff, Arkansas and Atlanta, Georgia properties are in a residential area. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

There are presently no legal
actions against us, pending or threatened. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

19 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities. 

Outstanding Securities 

As of December 31, 2020, 1,676,598
shares of our common stock and 23,916,500 in aggregate principal amount of secured investor certificates were issued and outstanding. 

Lack of Liquidity and Absence of Public Market
Price. 

There is virtually no market
for our common shares. It is not expected that a material market for the shares will develop any time soon. In addition, the market for
REIT securities historically has been less liquid than non-real estate types of publicly-traded equity securities. Because of such illiquidity
and the fact that the shares would be valued by market-makers (if a market develops) based on market forces which consider various factors
beyond our control, there can be no assurance that the market value of the shares would reflect the value of our assets or business and
no assurance that at any given time would be the same or higher than the public purchase price of our shares. In addition, the market
price, if a market develops, could decline if the yields from other competitive investments exceed the actual dividends paid by us on
our shares. Our common stock is not currently listed or traded on any exchange or market. 

Our Common Stock, .01 par value
per share, occasionally trades on the over-the-counter market Pink Sheets under the symbol ACMC.PK . The following table
sets forth the high bid quotation and the low bid quotation as quoted by the Pink Sheets in 2020 and 2019. Such over-the-counter market
quotations reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions.
We did not purchase or sell any common stock shares in 2020. 

High 
 Low 
 
 Calendar Year 2020 

First Quarter 
 2.40 
 1.40 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.95 
 1.51 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.70 
 0.93 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.12 
 0.53 

Calendar Year 2019 

First Quarter 
 2.65 
 2.05 
 
 Second Quarter 
 2.65 
 2.02 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.59 
 1.85 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 2.34 
 1.83 

Holders of Our Common Shares 

As of December 31, 2020, we had
438 record holders of our common stock, .01 par value per share (excluding shareholders for whom shares are held in a nominee 
or street name). 

We paid dividends on our common
stock for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 as follows: 

For Quarter Ended: 
 
 Dollar Amount Distributed 
 Per Share: 
 
 Annualized Yield Per 10 
 Share Represented: 

2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 March 31 
 .040 
 .055 
 1.60 
 2.20 
 
 June 30 
 .010 
 .060 
 0.40 
 2.40 
 
 September 30 
 .020 
 .100 
 0.80 
 4.00 

20 

For Quarter Ended: 
 Dollar Amount Distributed 
 Per Share: 
 Annualized Yield Per 10 
 Share Represented 

2020 
 2019 
 2020 
 2019 
 
 December 31 
 .010 
 .075 
 0.40 
 3.00 
 
 Totals : 
 .080 
 .290 
 0.80 
 2.90 

As a Real Estate Investment Trust,
we make regular quarterly distributions to shareholders. The amount of distributions to our shareholders must equal at least 90 of our
 real estate investment trust taxable income in order for us to retain REIT status. Shareholder distributions are estimated
for our first three quarters of each fiscal year and adjusted annually based upon our final year-end financial report. Cash available
for distribution to our shareholders is derived primarily from the interest portion of monthly mortgage payments we receive from churches
borrowing money from us, from origination and other fees paid to us by borrowers in connection with loans we make, interest income from
mortgage-backed securities issued by churches and other non-profit religious organizations purchased and held by us for investment purposes,
and earnings on any permitted temporary investments made by us. All dividends are paid by us at the discretion of the Board of Directors
and will depend upon our earnings and financial condition, maintenance of REIT status, funds available for distribution, results of operations,
economic conditions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. 

From time to time we offer the
sale of shares of our common stock or secured investor certificates, the proceeds of which are typically used to fund loans to be made
by us. Until we have fully invested such funds into loans, the relative yield generated by sales of our shares, and thus, dividends (if
any) to shareholders, could be less than expected. We seek to address this issue by (i) collecting from borrowers an origination fee at
the time a loan is made, (ii) timing our lending activities to coincide as much as possible with sales of our securities, and (iii) investing
our un-deployed capital in permitted temporary investments that offer the highest yields together with safety and liquidity. However,
there can be no assurance that these strategies will improve current yields to our shareholders. In order to qualify for the beneficial
tax treatment afforded real estate investment trusts by the Internal Revenue Code, we are required to pay dividends to holders of our
shares in annual amounts which are equal to at least 90 of our real estate investment trust taxable income. For the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2020, we distributed 100 of our taxable income to our shareholders in the form of quarterly dividends. We intend
to continue distributing virtually all of such income to our shareholders on a quarterly basis, subject to (i) limitations imposed by
applicable state law, and (ii) the factors identified above. The portion of any dividend that exceeds our earnings and profits will be
considered a return of capital and will not currently be subject to federal income tax to the extent that such dividends do not exceed
a shareholder's basis in their shares. 100 of the dividends paid to shareholders for the tax year 2020 were non-dividend distributions
due to the realized (carry-forward) loss totaling approximately 1,935,000 in 2020. We expect dividends paid in 2021 to be 100 non-dividend
distributions due to the realized (carry-forward) loss totaling approximately 1,620,000. 

Funds available to us from the
repayment of principal (whether at maturity or otherwise) of loans made by us, or from sale or other disposition of any properties or
any of our other investments, may be reinvested in additional loans to churches, invested in mortgage-backed securities issued by churches
or other non-profit organizations, or in permitted temporary investments, rather than distributed to the shareholders. We can pass through
the capital gain character of any income generated by computing its net capital gains and designating a like amount of our distribution
to our shareholders as capital gain dividends. The distribution requirement to maintain qualification as a real estate investment
trust does not require distribution of net capital gains, if generated. However, if we decide to distribute any such gains, undistributed
net capital gains (if any) will be taxable to us. The Board of Directors, including a majority of our Independent Directors, will determine
whether and to what extent the proceeds of any disposition of property will be distributed to our shareholders. 

Equity Compensation Plans 

We do not have any equity compensation
plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized for issuance. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion regarding
our financial statements should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report
beginning at page F-1 and our forward-looking statement disclosure at the beginning of Part I to this Annual Report. 

21 

Financial Condition 

Our total assets decreased from
 37,942,640 at December 31, 2019 to 35,574,723 at December 31, 2020. The primary reason for the decrease in total assets from December
31, 2019 through December 31, 2020 was a decrease in our mortgage loans receivable. Shareholders equity decreased from 10,347,772
at December 31, 2019 to 10,085,327 at December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to a net loss of 125,580) and dividends declared and
paid totaling 134,176. Our primary liabilities at December 31, 2020 and 2019 were our secured investor certificates, which were 23,916,500
and 26,850,000, respectively. We also had dividends declared as of the end of the period reported on, but which are not paid before the
30 th day of the ensuing month. We anticipate that funds from maturing loans and bonds will equal or exceed obligations due
on our certificates after 2020. To the extent necessary, we will seek short-term financing or a new working capital facility, including
our line of credit with a local bank, to meet any short-term cash requirements. 

Comparison of the Fiscal Years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

The following table shows the results of our operations for fiscal 2020
and 2019: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

Statement of Operations Data 
 2020 
 2019 

Interest and other income 
 2,543,507 
 2,808,534 
 
 Interest expense 
 1,776,427 
 1,882,290 
 
 Net interest income 
 777,080 
 926,244 
 
 Total provision for losses on mortgage loans and bonds 
 64,509 
 87,727 
 
 Net interest income after provision for mortgage and bonds losses 
 712,571 
 838,517 
 
 Operating expenses 
 838,430 
 780,731 
 
 Net (loss) income 
 (125,859 
 57,786 
 
 Basic and diluted (loss) income per share 
 (0.08 
 0.03 

Results of Operations 

Since we began active business
operations on April 15, 1996, we have paid 99 consecutive quarterly dividend payments to shareholders. These dividend payments have resulted
in an average annual return of 5.083 to shareholders who purchased shares at 10 per share in our public offerings of stock. Each loan
funded during the quarter generates origination income of which one-half is due and payable to shareholders as taxable income even though
origination income is not recognized in its entirety for the period under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America GAAP ). The other one-half of any origination income generated is due to our Advisor. We anticipate distributing
all of our taxable income in the form of dividends to our shareholders in the foreseeable future to maintain our REIT status and to provide
income to our shareholders. 

Net (loss) for our year ended
December 31, 2020 was (125,859) on total interest and other income of 2,543,507 compared to net income of 57,786 on total interest
and other income of 2,808,534 for the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease in net income was primarily due to the decrease in size
of loans outstanding and interest income received from our loan portfolio and an increase in other operating expenses. 

Net interest income earned on
the Company's portfolio of loans was 777,080 for the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to 926,244 for December 31, 2019. The decrease
in net interest income was due to the decrease in loans outstanding in our loan portfolio. 

Our operating expenses for our
fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 were 838,430 compared to 780,731 for our year ended December 31, 2019. The increase in operating
expenses was primarily a result of an increase in our legal fees involving our properties in foreclosure. 

Our Board of Directors declared
dividends of .040 for each share of record on April 28, 2020, .010 for each share of record on July 29, 2020, .020 for each shares
of record on October 30, 2020 and .010 for each shares of record on January 28, 2021. Based on the quarters ended March 31, 2020, June
30, 2020, September 30, 2020 and December 31, 2020 and assuming a share purchase price of 10.00, the dividends paid represented a 0.80 
annual yield in 2020. 100 of the dividends paid to shareholders for the tax year 2020 were non-dividend distributions due to the realized
(carry-forward) loss of approximately 

22 

1,935,000.
We expect dividends paid in 2021 to be 100 non-dividend distributions due to the realized (carry-forward) losses totaling approximately
 1,620,000 for the period ended December 31, 2021. 

We choose to distribute income
from ongoing operations in the form of dividends to shareholders. As a Real Estate Investment Trust we are required to distribute up to
90 of our taxable income. The table below reflects taxable income, net income from operations, dividend distributions and the effect
of the distributions to shareholders for the periods ended December 31, 2020 and 2019. Any amount distributed to shareholders in excess
of income from ongoing operations is deemed to be return of principal which results in a reduction of our shareholder equity. 

December 31, 2020 
 December 31, 2019 

Net Taxable Income 
 18,484 
 152,233 
 
 Net Income From Operations (EBITA) 
 125,317 
 485,011 
 
 Total Dividend Distributions 
 134,176 
 486,562 
 
 Principal Distribution 
 8,859 
 1,551 
 
 Number of Shares Outstanding 
 1,676,598 
 1,667,798 
 
 Amount of Principal Distributed per Share 
 0.00 
 0.00 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Our revenue is derived principally
from interest income, and secondarily, from origination fees and renewal fees generated by mortgage loans that we make. We also earn income
through interest on funds that are invested pending their use in funding mortgage loans or distributions of dividends to our shareholders,
and on income generated on church bonds we may purchase and own. We generate revenue through (i) permitted temporary investments of cash,
and (ii) making mortgage loans to churches and other non-profit religious organizations. Our principal expenses are interest on our secured
investor certificates, advisory fees, legal and auditing fees, communications costs with our shareholders, and the expenses of our transfer
agent and registrar. 

Our loan portfolio consists primarily
of long-term fixed rate loans. Historically, loans in our portfolio are outstanding for an average of approximately seven and a half years.
Our borrowers are typically small independent churches with little or no borrowing history. Once a church establishes a payment history
with us, they often look to re-finance their loan with a local bank, credit union or other financial institution that is willing to provide
financing since the borrower has established a payment history and has demonstrated they can meet their mortgage debt obligations. 

Currently, our bond portfolio
comprises 35 of our assets under management. The total principal amount of mortgage- secured debt securities we purchase from churches
and other non-profit religious organizations is limited to 40 of our Average Invested Assets. Excluded from this ratio of 40 for the
year ended December 31, 2020 are bonds issued of which we hold 100 of the total bonds outstanding. The total principal amount outstanding
is approximately 18,299,000 as of December 31, 2020 and was approximately 16,688,000 as of December 31, 2019. We earned approximately
 1,011,000 on our bond portfolio in 2020 and approximately 1,054,000 in 2019. 

In addition, we are able to borrow
funds in an amount up to 300 of shareholder s equity (in the absence of a satisfactory showing that a higher level of borrowing
is appropriate; any excess in borrowing over such 300 level must be approved by a majority of the Independent Directors and disclosed
to shareholders in the next quarterly report along with justification for such excess) in order to increase our lending capacity. 

In September 2017, we filed a
registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 10,000,000 worth of Series E secured investor certificates.
The offering was declared effective by the SEC on November 6, 2017. We sold 3,738 Series E secured investor certificates for a total of
 3,738,000 for as of December 31, 2020. The offering terminated November 6, 2020. 

In July 2014, we filed a registration
statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to offer 10,000,000 worth of Series D secured investor certificates. The offering
was declared effective by the SEC on August 12, 2014. The offering was renewed with an effective date of September 23, 2016. The certificates
were offered in multiples of 1,000 with interest rates ranging from 4.00 to 6.50 , subject to changing market rates, and maturities
from 5 and 7 to 15 years. The certificates are collateralized by certain mortgage loans receivable and church bonds of approximately the
same value. As of December 31, 2020, approximately 8,029 Series D certificates had been issued and were outstanding for 8,029,000. The
offering terminated in August 2017. 

23 

The table below shows the principal
amount of loans and bonds to be paid during 2021 and the number of secured investor certificates maturing in 2021. We may need to obtain
additional funds from other sources to meet our certificate maturity obligations. One source is the potential sale of bonds in our portfolio.
In addition, at December 31, 2020 we held 87,702 in cash and cash equivalents and currently have a 4,000,000 working line of credit
with a local bank of which 1,712,000 was available to us for the year ended December 31, 2020. This facility was renewed and expires
January 19, 2022. 

Fiscal Year 2021 

Contractual maturity schedule mortgage loans 
 825,073 
 
 Contractual maturity schedule bond portfolio 
 283,000 
 
 Total 
 1,108,073 

Contractual maturity schedule secured investor certificates 
 2,168,000 

Holders of our secured investor
certificates may renew certificates at the current rates and terms upon maturity at our discretion. Renewals upon maturity are considered
neither proceeds from nor issuance of secured investor certificates. Renewals totaled approximately 1,007,250 and 793,000 during 2020
and 2019, respectively. These renewals represent 28 and 38 of the maturing certificates for the period ended December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. We believe that renewals we offer to maturing certificate holders will reduce the amount of cash needed to pay maturing
certificates in fiscal year 2021. 

Loan Loss Reserve Policy 

We follow a loan loss reserve
policy on our portfolio of loans outstanding. This critical policy requires complex judgments and estimates. We record mortgage loans
receivable at their estimated net realizable value, which is the unpaid principal balance less the allowance for mortgage loans. Our loan
policy provides an allowance for estimated uncollectible loans based on an evaluation of the current status of the loan portfolio. This
policy reserves for principal amounts outstanding on a particular loan if cumulative interruptions occur in the normal payment schedule
of a loan. Our policy will reserve for the outstanding principal amount of a loan in our portfolio if the amount is in doubt of being
collected. Additionally, no interest income is recognized on impaired loans that are declared to be in default and are in the foreclosure
process. 

The Company will declare a loan
to be in default and will place the loan on non-accrual status when the following thresholds have been met: (i) the borrower has missed
three consecutive mortgage payments; (ii) the borrower has not communicated to the Company any legitimate reason for delinquency in its
payments to the Company and has not arranged for the re-continuance of payments; (iii) lines of communication to the borrower have broken
down such that any reasonable prospect of rehabilitating the loan and return of regular payments is gone. 

The Company s policies
on payments received and interest accrued on non-accrual loans are as follows: (i) The Company will accept payments on loans that are
currently on non-accrual status when a borrower has communicated to us that they intend to meet their mortgage obligations. A payment
made on a non-accrual loan is considered a good faith deposit as to the intent to resume their mortgage payment obligation. This good
faith deposit is credited back to interest first then principal as stated in the mortgage loan documentation. (ii) A letter outlining
the re-payment terms or the restructure terms (if any) of the loan is provided to the borrower. This letter will be signed by the Senior
Pastor and all board members of the borrower. This letter resumes the obligation to make payments on non-accrual loans. (iii) The borrower
must meet all its payment obligations for the next 120 days without interruption in order to be removed from non-accrual status. 

When a loan is declared in default
according to the Company s policy or deemed to be doubtful of collection, the loan committee of the Advisor to the Company will
direct the staff to charge-off uncollectable receivables. 

At December 31, 2020, we reserved
 1,493,996 against fourteen mortgage loans, of which nine churches were three or more mortgage payments in arrears and two of the Churches
are declared to be in default. At December 31, 2019, we reserved 1,429,487 against fourteen mortgage loans, of which ten churches were
three or more mortgage payments in arrears, three were declared to be in default. 

The total value of impaired loans,
which are loans that are in the foreclosure process or are declared to be in default, was approximately 38,000 and 256,000 at December
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. We believe that the total amount of non-performing loans is adequately secured by the underlying collateral
and the allowance for mortgage loans. 

24 

Of the nine loans which were
three or more payments in arrears, the first impaired loan has an outstanding balance of 543,822. This loan has been declared in default.
The church is located in Detroit, Michigan and is located in an area suffering from urban blight and high crime. We are continually assessing
our options with a local realtor. This church is located in a commercial area. Therefore, the facility can be converted and used other
than as a church. We have reserved against the total outstanding amount of this loan since we have determined that there is little to
no value left to recover with regards to the collateral of the property. 

The second impaired loan has
an outstanding balance of 44,965. The church is located in Chicago, Illinois. We have a second mortgage loan. We have been made aware
that the church defaulted on its first mortgage loan as well. We will wait to see what the outcome with the first mortgage holder will
be. 

The third impaired loan has an
outstanding balance of 284,960. The church is located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The church has missed six mortgage payments since the
loan was re-structured in June 2008, the church has missed one payment in 2020. We are working with the church to bring its payments current. 

The fourth impaired loan has
an outstanding balance of 294,275. The church is located in Seagoville, Texas. The church has missed seven payments since the loan was
funded in August 2006. However, the church did not miss any payments in 2020. We are working with the church to bring its payments current. 

The fifth impaired loan has an
outstanding balance of 689,060. The church is located in Dallas, Texas. The church has missed five payments since the loan was funded
in September 2008. However, the church did not miss any payments in 2020. We are working with the church to bring its payments current.
This is a commercial property. 

The sixth impaired loan has an
outstanding balance of 703,100. The church is located in Richmond Hills, Texas. The church has missed numerous payments since the loan
was funded in November 2004. However, the church has been making regular payments which are being applied to the arrearage. We are continually
working with the church to bring its payments current. 

The seventh impaired loan has an outstanding balance
of 220,968. The church is located in Kirbyville, Texas. The church has missed three payments since the loan was funded in June 2003.
However, the church did not miss any payments in 2020. We are working with the church to bring its payments current. 

The eighth impaired loan has
an outstanding balance of 221,683. The church is located in Leslie, Georgia. The Church s loan was restructured in 2018 and the
Church has not missed any mortgage payments since the restructure. 

The ninth impaired loan has an outstanding balance
of 381,130. The church is located in Waterbury, Connecticut. The church has missed five payments since the loan was re-structured in
the April 2015. One payment was missed in 2020. We are working with the church to bring its payments current. 

We presently expect our allowance
for mortgage loans to be adequate to cover all losses incurred and probable. Listed below is our current loan loss reserve policy: 

Incident 
 Percentage of Loan Reserved 
 Status of Loan 
 
 1. 
 None 
 Loan is current, no interruption in payments during history of the loan, interruption means receipt by us more than 30 days after scheduled payment date). 
 
 2. 
 None 
 Loan current, previous interruptions experienced, but none in the last six month period. Applies to restructured loans or loans given forbearance. 
 
 3. 
 None 
 Loan current, previous interruptions experienced, but none in the last 90 day period. 
 
 4. 
 1.00 
 Loan serviced regularly, but 2 or 3 payments cumulative in arrears. Delinquency notice has been sent. 
 
 5. 
 5.00 
 Loan serviced regularly, but 4 or 5 payments cumulative in arrears. Repayment plan requested. 

25 

6. 
 10.00 
 Loan is declared to be in default. Legal counsel engaged to begin foreclosure. Additional accrual of overdue payments and penalties ceased. 
 
 7. 
 The greater of: (i) accumulated reserve during default period equal to principal loan balance in excess of 65 of original collateral value; or (ii) 1 of the remaining principal balance each quarter during which the default remains in effect. 
 Foreclosure proceeding underway. Accrual of all overdue interest and principal payments including penalties to be expensed. Reserve amount dependent on value of collateral. All expenses related to enforcing loan agreements are expensed. 

The Company s Advisor,
on an ongoing basis, reviews reserve amounts under the policy stated above and determines the need, if any, to reserve amounts in excess
of its current policy. Any additional reserve amounts will be equal to or greater than its current reserve policy. Allowance for mortgage
loans are calculated on the remaining principal balance on the date of calculation and recorded on a quarterly basis. 

Our borrowers are typically small
independent churches with little or no borrowing history. Small independent churches have limited resources to pay missed mortgage payments.
We continually monitor these missed payments and determine on a case by case basis if a restructure of the current loan terms will help
the church recover from its payment issues or by communication with the church, or lack thereof, if we should foreclose on the property.
We did not see a substantial increase in delinquent payments in 2020. However, we can provide no assurance that delinquent loan payments
will be paid or a restructure of the loan will result in the borrowing church meeting their payment obligations. 

The Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19)
has recently affected global markets, supply chains, employees of companies, and the communities of our borrowers. Specific to us, COVID-19
may impact various parts of our 2021 operations and financial results including potential reduced revenue caused by new public health
mandates including shelter in place orders, material supply chain interruption, economic hardships effecting our borrowers and effects
on our workforce. Management believes we are taking appropriate actions to mitigate the negative impact. However, the full impact of COVID-19
is unknown and cannot be reasonably estimated as the date of this report. 

Our loan loss reserve policy
requires removal of a borrower from accrual status if the borrowing church misses three payments over a twenty-four month period. 

Bond Loss Policy 

Other than the temporary impairment,
the impairment on bonds is estimated by management and is determined by reviewing: (i) payment history, (ii) our experience with defaulted
bond issues, (iii) the issuer s payment history as well as (iv) historical trends. 

We currently own 529,000 First Mortgage Bonds and
 497,000 Second Mortgage Bonds issued by Agape Assembly Baptist Church located in Orlando, Florida. The total principal amount of First
Mortgage Bonds issued by Agape is 7,200,000, and the total principal amount of Second Mortgage Bonds issued is 715,000. Agape defaulted
on its payment obligations to bondholders in September 2010. The church subsequently commenced a Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization
proceeding regarding the property that secures the First Mortgage Bonds in December 2010. In October 2014, the bondholders of Agape agreed
to a modification in the terms of their bonds which resulted in the temporary resumption of both principal and interest payments to both
the first and second mortgage bond holders. Both the First Mortgage Bonds and Second Mortgage Bonds were modified to a fully amortized
fixed rate, quarterly interest payment of 6.25 with a new maturity date of September 2037 for all the issued and outstanding bonds. We,
along with all other bondholders, have a superior lien over all other creditors. The Church subsequently defaulted on their modification
agreement in 2016 and no interest payments were made to bondholders during the year ended December 31, 2020. However, the trustee made
a distribution to bondholders during 2017 of 18.75 per 1,000 bond as a repayment of principal only, effectively reducing the outstanding
balance of each 1,000 bond to approximately 826. The trustee again initiated foreclosure action against the Church and prevailed in
its pursuit to foreclose on the Church s property on November 1, 2019. However, on the eve of the foreclosure sale, the Church again
filed for bankruptcy protection. In October 2020, bondholders were asked by the trustee to accept or reject a plan of reorganization.
The trustee is recommending bondholders accept the reorganization plan. We accepted the reorganization plan. Acceptance of the plan by
bondholders could 

26 

result in a return of approximately 67 of the original principal investment outstanding. As of December 31, 2020, we
have not been updated as to the status of the reorganization plan. 

We currently own 900,000 First Mortgage Bonds issued
by Soul Reapers Worship Center International located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The total principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds issued
by Soul Reapers is 1,920,000. The Church has failed to make payments as required under the terms of the Trust Indenture. As a Bondholder,
we expected to receive interest and principal payment(s) on time and according to the terms of the Bonds. We did not receive any quarterly
interest payments from the issuer for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

We have an aggregate other than temporary impairment
of 834,226 and 658,000 for our bond portfolio at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively, which effectively reduces the bonds to the
fair value amount we believe will be recovered. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Preparation of our financial
statements requires estimates and judgments to be made that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses reported.
Such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting
estimates. We evaluate these estimates based on assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. 

The difficulty in applying these
policies arises from the assumptions, estimates and judgments that have to be made currently about matters that are inherently uncertain,
such as future economic conditions, operating results and valuations as well as management intentions. As the difficulty increases, the
level of precision decreases, meaning that actual results can and probably will be different from those currently estimated. 

Management uses estimates and
assumptions in preparing these financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States. Those estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities, and the reported revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The most sensitive estimates
relate to the realizability of the mortgage loans receivable and the valuation of the bond portfolio and real estate held for sale. It
is at least reasonably possible that these estimates could change in the near term and that the effect of the change, if any, may be material
to the financial statements. 

We estimate the value of real
estate we hold pending re-sale based on a number of factors. We look at the current condition of the property as well as current market
conditions in determining a fair value, which will determine the listing price of each property. Each property is valued based on its
current listing price less any anticipated selling costs, including for example, realtor commissions. Since churches are single use facilities
the listing price of the property may be lower than the total amount owed to us. Attorney fees, taxes, utilities along with real estate
commission fees will also reduce the amount we collect from the sale of a property we have acquired through foreclosure. The fair value
of the real estate held for sale includes estimates of expenses related to the sale of the real estate. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no off-balance sheet
arrangements, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect that is material to investors on our financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital resources or capital expenditures. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

As a smaller reporting company,
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), we are not required to provide the information
required by this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Financial Statements required
by this item can be found at pages F-1 through F-20 of this Form 10-K and are deemed incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

27 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures,
as defined in Section 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed by us under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended
(the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our
Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b)
of the Exchange Act. 

Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting due to a material
weakness in the internal controls over financial reporting for impaired loans and debt securities valuations. In addition our disclosure
controls and procedures are not effective as a result of limited resources such that financial information required to be disclosed in
our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time
periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

With respect to impaired loan and debt securities
valuations, the documentation and process supporting the valuations, including the stale nature of appraisals, with respect to our current
church properties, was determined to be a material weakness. In addition, the Company has limited number of personnel performing
finance and accounting functions. Were there a larger staff, it would be possible to provide for enhanced disclosure of financial reporting
matters. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.
Management recognizes this is a material weakness. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Internal
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures are being made only with proper authorizations; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention
or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our management, under the supervision
of and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020 based on criteria for effective control over financial reporting set forth by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework . 
Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, we did not maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting as a result of the material weakness described above. We continue to evaluate internal control improvements, particularly
related to financial reporting for ongoing changes to our operations and segregation of duties, to provide greater segregation and improve
overall internal control. 

Internal control over financial
reporting cannot provide absolute assurance of achieving financial reporting objectives because of its inherent limitations. Internal
control over financial reporting is a process that involves human diligence and is subject to lapses in judgment or breakdowns resulting
from human failures. Internal control over financial reporting also can be circumvented by collusion or improper management override.
Because of such limitations, there is a risk that material misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal
control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore,
it is possible to design into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. 

28 

This Annual Report does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
that permit us to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our
internal control over financial reporting, that occurred during the last fiscal quarter of the period covered by this report that have
materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information required by Item
10 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on or about June
24, 2021, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required by Item
11 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on or about June
24, 2021, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information required by Item
12 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on or about June
24, 2021, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
and Director Independence. 

The information required by Item
13 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on or about June
24, 2021, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting
Fees and Services. 

The information required by Item
14 will be included in the Company s definitive proxy statement for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on or about June
24, 2021, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by
this report and is incorporated herein by reference. 

29 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits,
Financial Statement Schedules. 

Exhibit 
 No. 

Title 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 1 
 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 2 
 
 3.3 
 Bylaw Interpretation dated July 2, 2019 
 12 
 
 4.1 
 Description of Common Stock 
 9 
 
 4.3 
 Supplemental Trust Indenture between the Company and The Herring National Bank dated September 28, 2004 
 3 
 
 4.5 
 First Supplemental Indenture to 2004 Indenture dated July 2, 2007 
 2 
 
 4.6 
 Trust Indenture between the Company and Herring Bank dated April 1, 2009 
 4 
 
 4.7 
 Trust Indenture between the Company and Herring Bank dated August 12, 2014 
 5 
 
 4.8 
 Trust Indenture between the Company and Herring Bank dated November 6, 2017 
 10 
 
 10.1 
 Amended and Restated REIT Advisory Agreement with Church Loan Advisors, Inc. dated January 22, 2004 
 7 
 
 10.3 
 Supplemental Security Agreement between the Company and The Herring National Bank, as Trustee dated September 28, 2004 
 3 
 
 10.4 
 Security Agreement between the Company and the Herring National Bank, as Trustee dated April 1, 2009 
 8 
 
 10.5 
 Security Agreement between the Company and Herring Bank, as Trustee dated August 12, 2014 
 6 
 
 10.5 
 Security Agreement between the Company and Herring Bank, as Trustee dated November 6, 2017 
 11 
 
 10.6 
 Second Amendment to Loan by and between American Church Mortgage Company and Alerus Financial, N.A., dated January 20, 2021 
 13 
 
 10.7 
 Promissory Note between American Church Mortgage Company and Alerus Financial N.A., dated January 20, 2021 
 14 
 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 9 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 9 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 9 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 19 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 9 
 
 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 19 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 9 
 
 101 

The following financial information from
 our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on 2020 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2021,
 is formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Balance Sheets at December 31, 2020 and 2019; (ii) Statements of
 Operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and 2019; (iii) the Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 and
 2019; and (iv) the Notes to Financial Statements. 
 9 

30 

(1) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 8-A (File No. 000-25919),
filed April 30, 1999. 

(2) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 3, 2007. 

(3) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-11/A (File No.
333-116919), filed September 29, 2004. 

(4) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Prospectus Supplement (filed April
1, 2009) to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-154831), filed October 30, 2008. 

(5) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-11 (File No. 333-197326), filed August 12, 2014. 

(6) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-11 (File No. 333-197326), filed August 12, 2014. 

(7) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed August 1,
2007. 

(8) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Prospectus Supplement (filed April
1, 2009) to Registration Statement on Form S-11 (File No. 333-154831), filed October 30, 2008. 

(9) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 10-K files April 23, 2020 

(10) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-11 (File No. 333-220531). 

(11) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form
S-11 (File No. 333-220531). 

(12) Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed July 2, 2019. 

(13) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
January 27, 2021. 

(14) Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed
January 27, 2021. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: March 31, 2021 
 AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

By: 
 /s/ Philip J. Myers 

Philip J. Myers 

(Chief Executive Officer and President) 

By: 
 /s/ Scott J. Marquis 

Scott J. Marquis 

(Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
capacities indicated. 

By: 
 /s/ Philip J. Myers 
 Date: 
 03/31/2021 

Philip J. Myers 

Chief Financial Officer, President and Director 

By: 
 /s/ Michael G. Holmquist 
 Date: 
 03/31/2021 

Michael G. Holmquist, Director 

31 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Minnetonka, Minnesota 

Financial Statements 

As of for the Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors 

 American Church Mortgage Company 

 Minnetonka, Minnesota 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of American Church Mortgage
Company (the Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity,
and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as
the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of American Church Mortgage Company as of December 31, 2020 and 2019, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting
firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect
to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit
of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control
over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. This communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical
audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Allowance for Loan Losses on Mortgage Loans Receivable 

As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company s
loan policy provides an allowance for estimated uncollectible loans based on an evaluation of the current status of the loan portfolio.
As of December 31, 2020, the outbreak of the novel coronavirus has adversely affected many industries in general and resulted in preventing
the gathering of church congregations which impacts the ability of churches and other non-profit religious organizations normal methods
of worship potentially causing a decline in membership and offerings. 

F- 1 

We identified the assessment of the mortgage loans receivable valuation
as of December 31, 2020 as a critical audit matter. The impact the coronavirus had on the valuation of the mortgage receivable loan portfolio
included a high degree of audit effort and auditor judgment. The allowance for loan loss totaled 1,429,487 as of December 31, 2020 and
was determined by the Company s loan policy to reserve against loans that have cumulative interruptions in the normal payment schedule. 

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter: 

We tested the completeness and accuracy of the data used
by management in calculating the allowance for loan losses. 

We tested the payment history for a selection of loans within
the loan portfolio in conjunction with our evaluation of problem loans. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

 March 31, 2021 

 Minneapolis, Minnesota 

F- 2 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 
 
 ASSETS 
 2020 
 2019 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 87,702 
 191,987 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 101,532 
 125,539 
 
 Interest receivable 
 242,019 
 185,190 
 
 Investments 
 
 2,410 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 7,796 
 13,121 
 
 Total current assets 
 439,049 
 518,247 

Mortgage Loans Receivable , net of allowance of 

1,493,996 and 1,429,487 and deferred origination fees of 

198,816 and 278,633 at December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively 
 16,605,967 
 20,717,058 

Bond Portfolio 
 18,100,711 
 16,055,937 

Real Estate Held for Sale 
 428,996 
 651,398 
 
 Total Assets 
 35,574,723 
 37,942,640 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 3 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Balance Sheets 

As of December 31, 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 2020 
 2019 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 
 14,400 
 12,311 
 
 Management fee payable 
 22,908 
 27,255 
 
 Line of Credit 
 2,288,000 
 1,445,000 
 
 Dividends payable 
 16,766 
 125,835 

Secured Investor Certificates, Series B 
 6,022,500 
 8,855,000 
 
 Secured Investor Certificates, Series C 
 6,127,000 
 6,324,000 
 
 Secured Investor Certificates, Series D 
 8,029,000 
 8,109,000 
 
 Secured Investor Certificates, Series E 
 3,738,000 
 3,562,000 

(Less) Deferred Offering Costs , net of accumulated amortization 

of 1,066,068 and 956,811 at December 31, 2020 and 

2019, respectively 
 (769,178 
 (865,533 
 
 Total liabilities 
 25,489,396 
 27,594,868 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value .01 per share 

authorized, 30,000,000 shares, 

issued and outstanding, 1,676,598 shares at December 31, 2020 and 

and 1,677,798 at December 31, 2019, respectively 
 16,766 
 16,778 
 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 19,111,060 
 19,113,458 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (9,042,499 
 (8,782,464 
 
 Total stockholders equity 
 10,085,327 
 10,347,772 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 35,574,723 
 37,942,640 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 4 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Interest and Other Income 
 2,543,507 
 2,808,534 

Interest Expense 
 1,766,427 
 1,882,290 

Net Interest Income 
 777,080 
 926,244 

Provision for losses on mortgage loans receivable 
 64,509 
 87,727 

Net Interest Income after Provision for Mortgage Loans Receivable 
 712,571 
 838,517 

Operating Expenses 

Other than temporary impairment on bond portfolio 
 176,226 
 200,000 
 
 Other operating expenses 
 662,204 
 580,731 

838,430 
 780,731 

Net (Loss) Income 
 (125,859 
 57,786 

Basic and Diluted Income (Loss) Per Share 
 (0.08 
 0.03 

Dividends Declared Per Share 
 0.08 
 0.29 

Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding - 

Basic and Diluted 
 1,676,896 
 1,677,798 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 5 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 

Years Ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Totals 

Balance, December 31, 2018 
 1,677,798 
 16,778 
 19,113,458 
 (8,353,688 
 10,776,548 

Net income 

57,786 
 57,786 

Dividends declared 

(486,562 
 (486,562 

Balance, December 31, 2019 
 1,677,798 
 16,778 
 19,113,458 
 (8,782,464 
 10,347,772 

Re-purchase 1,200 shares 
 (1,200 
 (12 
 (2,398 
 
 (2,410 

Net (loss) 

(125,859 
 (125,859 

Dividends declared 

(134,176 
 (134,176 

Balance, December 31, 2020 
 1,676,598 
 16,766 
 19,111,060 
 (9,042,499 
 10,085,327 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 6 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net (loss) income 
 (125,859 
 57,786 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash 

from operating activities: 

Net loss on sales and impairment on real estate held for sale 
 134,808 
 10,617 
 
 Provision for losses on mortgage loans receivable 
 64,509 
 87,727 
 
 Other than temporary impairment on bond portfolio 
 176,226 
 200,000 
 
 Net amortization of loan origination discounts 
 79,818 
 6,721 
 
 Amortization of deferred offering costs 
 109,257 
 110,223 
 
 Change in assets and liabilities 

Accounts receivable 
 24,007 
 125,996 
 
 Interest receivable 
 (56,829 
 (321 
 
 Prepaid expenses 
 5,325 
 (5,955 
 
 Accounts payable 
 2,089 
 (564,864 
 
 Management fee payable 
 (4,347 
 (446 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 409,004 
 27,484 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net decrease in loans 
 3,966,764 
 470,376 
 
 Investment in bonds 
 (2,472,000 
 (1,934,000 
 
 Proceeds from bonds 
 251,000 
 1,067,870 
 
 Proceeds from real estate held for sale 
 87,594 
 60,501 
 
 Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
 1,833,358 
 (335,253 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net (decrease) in secured investor certificates 
 (2,933,500 
 (2,536,000 
 
 Payments for deferred costs 
 (12,902 
 (89,345 
 
 Net change in line of credit 
 843,000 
 1,445,000 
 
 Dividends paid 
 (243,245 
 (503,340 
 
 Net cash (used for) provided by financing activities 
 (2,346,647 
 (1,683,685 

Net (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 (104,285 
 (1,991,454 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 
 191,987 
 2,183,441 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 
 87,702 
 191,987 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 7 

AMERICAN CHURCH MORTGAGE COMPANY 

Statements of Cash Flows - Continued 

Years Ended December 31, 

2020 
 2019 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Interest paid 
 1,657,169 
 1,772,067 

Loans transferred to real estate held for sale 
 
 321,356 

Notes to Financial Statements are an integral part of this Statement. 

F- 8 

1. BASIS OF PRESENTATION 

The accompanying audited financial statements of American
Church Mortgage Company, (the Company were prepared in accordance with instructions for Form 10-K and Regulation S-X and
include information or footnotes necessary for a complete presentation of financial condition, results of operations, changes in equity
and cash flows in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary
for a fair presentation of the financial statements have been included. 

2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Nature of Business 

American Church Mortgage Company, a Minnesota corporation,
was incorporated on May 27, 1994. The Company is engaged primarily in the business of making mortgage loans to churches and other nonprofit
religious organizations throughout the United States, on terms established for individual organizations. 

Accounting Estimates 

Management uses estimates and assumptions in preparing
these financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Those estimates
and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities, and the reported
revenues and expenses. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The most sensitive estimates relate to the realizability of the
mortgage loans receivable, the valuation of the bond portfolio and the valuation of real estate held for sale. It is at least reasonably
possible that these estimates could change in the near term and that the effect of the change, if any, may be material to the financial
statements. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and world economies continue to
suffer adverse effects from the COVID-19 virus pandemic COVID-19 ). The Company has not experienced a material adverse impact
to the financial statements. Future potential impacts to the Company may include disruptions or restrictions on employers and contracted
agents ability to work, reduced demand for new loans and increased repurchase risk of loan or bond defaults. The future impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. 

F- 9 

Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company's loans have been granted to churches and other non-profit
religious organizations. The ability of the Company s debtors to honor their contracts is dependent on member contributions and
the involvement in the church or organization of its senior pastor. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers all highly liquid debt instruments
purchased with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

The Company maintains accounts primarily at two financial
institutions. At times throughout the year, the Company s cash and equivalents balances may exceed amounts insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation. Cash in money market funds is not federally insured. Management believes these financial institutions have
strong credit ratings and that the credit related to these deposits is minimal. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 

Bond Portfolio 

Bonds that management has the intent to hold to maturity
are classified as held to maturity and recorded at amortized costs. Bonds not classified as held to maturity are classified as available
for sale and are carried at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income. Amortization of premiums
and accretion of discounts (if any) are recognized in interest income using the interest method over the estimated lives of the securities. 

Declines in fair value of bonds that are deemed to
be other than temporary, if applicable, are reflected in earnings as realized losses. In estimating other-than temporary impairment losses,
management considered the length of time and the extent to which fair value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term
prospects of the issuer, and the interest and the ability of the Company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient
to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value. Gains and losses on the sales of securities are recorded on the trade date and determined
using the specific-identification method. 

Bonds transferred from the available for sale category
to the held to maturity category are recorded at fair value at the date of transfer. During 2020, the Company reclassified approximately
 18,101,000 of bonds available for sale to bonds held to maturity. These bonds were transferred at fair value, which became the costs
basis for the bonds held to maturity. There were no unrealized gains or losses at the time of transfer of bonds from available for sale
to held to maturity. 

Allowance for Loan Losses on Mortgage Loans
Receivable 

The Company records mortgage loans receivable at estimated
net realizable value, which is the unpaid principal balances of the mortgage loans receivable, less the allowance for loan losses on mortgage
loans receivable and less deferred loan origination fees. The Company s loan policy provides an allowance for estimated uncollectible
loans based on an evaluation of the current status of the loan portfolio with 

F- 10 

application of reserve percentages to specific loans based
on payment status. This policy reserves for principal amounts outstanding on a specific loan if cumulative interruptions occur in the
normal payment schedule of the loan, therefore, the Company recognizes a provision for losses and an allowance for the outstanding principal
amount of the loan in the Company s portfolio if the amount is in doubt of collection. Additionally, no interest income is recognized
on impaired loans that are declared to be in default and are in the foreclosure process. At December 31, 2020, the Company reserved 1,493,996
for fourteen mortgage loans. Nine of these loans are three or more mortgage payments in arrears of which two are declared to be in default.
The total principal amount of these fourteen loans totaled approximately 6,498 ,000 at December
31, 2020. At December 31, 2019, the Company reserved 1,429,487 for fourteen mortgage loans. Ten of these loans were three or more mortgage
payments in arrears of which three were declared to be in default. The total principal amount of these fourteen loans totaled approximately
 5,987 ,000 at December 31, 2019. 

A summary of transactions in the allowance for mortgage
loans for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019 is as follows: 

Balance at December 31, 2019 
 1,429,487 
 
 Provisions for loan losses 
 64,509 
 
 Loan charge-offs 
 - 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2020 
 1,493,996 

Balance at December 31, 2018 
 1,672,003 
 
 Provisions for loan losses 
 87,727 
 
 Loan charge-offs 
 (330,243) 
 
 Balance at December 31, 2019 
 1,429,487 

Loans that are in the foreclosure process or are declared
to be in default, had a principal balance of 588,787 and were considered impaired and written down to their estimated fair value of 37,771
as of December 31, 2020. As a result, the Company recognized a specific valuation allowance against these impaired loans totaling 551,016
as of December 31, 2020. 

Loans that are in the foreclosure process or are declared
to be in default, had a principal balance of 810,470 and were considered impaired and written down to their estimated fair value of 255,797
as of December 31, 2019. As a result, the Company recognized a specific valuation allowance against these impaired loans totaling 554,673
as of December 31, 2019. 

The outbreak of COVID-19 has affected churches due
to shelter-in-place directives which has ceased or greatly curtailed social gatherings such as church worship services. The Company s
borrowers have experienced financial duress during the Covid-19 shelter in place restrictions, amplified by the financial setbacks for
many of the church members who have lost their jobs, been furloughed, or had their incomes diminished. The Company has provided some temporary
relief by allowing its borrower s to either make 

F- 11 

interest only payments for a period of ninety days or forgo one monthly mortgage
payment (forbearance). The Company provided nine churches totaling approximately 3,209,000, in principal outstanding, ninety days interest
only payments and five churches totaling approximately 2,618,000, in principal outstanding, one-month forbearance of its mortgage payments.
As of December 31, 2020, all churches, except four, have returned to full monthly amortization payments. These four churches totaling
approximately 758,000, in principal outstanding, have remained on interest only payments. This relief will impact the Company s
revenue and the Company will experience declines in payments due from borrowers and missed bond payments on the bonds owned by the Company
which will impact operating income and may potentially impact future distributions and the ability to make payments due on the Company s
certificates and dividends to its shareholders. The future impact of COVID-19 on the Company s investments or operations cannot
be reasonably estimated at this time. 

The Company will declare a loan to be in default and
will place the loan on non-accrual status when the following thresholds have been met: (i) the borrower has missed three consecutive mortgage
payments; (ii) the borrower has not communicated to the Company any legitimate reason for delinquency in its payments to the Company and
has not arranged for the re-continuance of payments; (iii) lines of communication to the borrower have broken down such that any reasonable
prospect of rehabilitating the loan and return of regular payments is gone. 

The Company will accept payments on loans that are
currently on non-accrual status when a borrower has communicated to us that they intend to meet their mortgage obligations. The accrual
of interest on a loan is discontinued when the loan becomes 90 consecutive days delinquent or whenever management believes the borrower
will be unable to make payments as they become due. The interest on these loans is subsequently accounted for on the cash basis or using
the cost-recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest
amounts contractually due are brought current or restructured and future payments are reasonably assured. No interest income was recognized
on non-accrual loans for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

When a loan is declared in default according to the
Company s policy or deemed to be doubtful of collection, the loan committee of the Advisor to the Company will direct the staff
to charge-off the uncollectable receivables. 

Loans that exceed 90 days past due but continue to
accrue interest had a principal balance of 2,795,175 and 3,263,492 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. These
loans were considered impaired and written down to their estimated fair value of 2,218,773 and 2,716,445 as of December 31, 2020 and
2019, respectively. As a result, the Company recognized a specific valuation allowance against these impaired loans totaling 576,442
and 547,053 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company believes that continued interest accruals are appropriate
because the loans are well secured, not deemed to be in technical default and the Company is actively pursuing collection of past due
payments. 

F- 12 

Real Estate Held for Sale 

The Company records real estate held for sale at the
estimated fair value, which is net of the expected expenses related to the sale of the real estate. The fair value of our real estate
held for sale, which represents the carrying value, totaled 428,996 and 651,398 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Carrying Value of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company tests long-lived assets or asset groups
for recoverability when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Circumstances which
could trigger a review include, but are not limited to: significant decreases in the market price of the asset; significant adverse changes
in the business climate or legal factors; accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the acquisition
or construction of the asset; current period cash flow or operating losses combined with a history of losses or a forecast of continuing
losses associated with the use of the asset; and current expectation that the asset will more likely than not be sold or disposed of significantly
before the end of the estimated useful life. 

Recoverability is assessed based on the carrying amount
of the asset compared to the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and the eventual disposal of the asset,
as well as specific appraisal in certain instances. An impairment loss is recognized when the carrying amount is deemed not recoverable
and exceeds fair value as determined through various valuation techniques including, but not limited to, discounted cash flow models,
quoted market values, and third party independent appraisals. 

Revenue Recognition 

Interest income on mortgage loans receivable and the
bond portfolio is recognized as earned per the terms of the specific asset. Other income included with interest represents cash received
for loan origination fees, which are recognized over the life of the loan as an adjustment to the yield on the loan. 

Gain (Losses) on Real Estate Held For Sale 

The Company records a gain or loss from real estate
held for sale when control of the property transfers to the buyer, which generally occurs at the time of an executed deed. When the Company
finances real estate held for sale to the buyer, the Company assesses whether the buyer is committed to perform their obligations under
the contract and whether collectability of the transaction price is probable. Once these criteria are met, real estate held for sale is
derecognized and the gain or loss on sale is recorded upon the transfer of control of the property to the buyer. In determining the gain
or loss on the sale, the Company adjusts the transaction prices and related gain (loss) on sale if a significant financing component is
present. 

F- 13 

Deferred Financing Costs 

The Company defers the costs related to obtaining
financing. These costs are amortized over the life of the financing using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest
method. 

Income (Loss) Per Common Share 

There were no dilutive shares for the years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In 2016 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial
Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. ASU 2016-13 is intended to provide
financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments
to extend credit. For public entities, deemed smaller reporting companies, such as the Company, ASU 2016-13 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has not yet fully evaluated the potential
effects of adopting ASU 2016-13 on the Company s results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 

Income Taxes 

The Company elected to be taxed as a Real Estate Investment
Trust (REIT). Accordingly, the Company is not subject to Federal income tax to the extent of distributions to its shareholders if the
Company meets all the requirements under the REIT provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. 

The Company evaluated its recognition of income tax
benefits using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring tax benefits when realization of the benefits is uncertain. The first
step is to determine whether the benefit meets the more-likely-than-not condition for recognition and the second step is to determine
the amount to be recognized based on the cumulative probability that exceeds 50 . Primarily due to the Company s tax status as a
REIT, the Company does not have any significant tax uncertainties that would require recognition or disclosure. 

Subsequent Events 

The Company has evaluated events and transactions
through March 31, 2021, the date the financial statements were available to be issued, and no subsequent events have occurred. 

3. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENT 

Some assets and liabilities, such as securities available
for sale, are measured at fair value on a recurring basis under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Other assets
and liabilities, such as impaired loans, may be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 

F- 14 

Following is a description of the valuation methodology
and significant inputs used for each asset and liability measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis, as well as the classification
of the asset or liability within the fair value hierarchy. 

Bonds available for sale 

Securities available for sale may be classified as
Level 1, Level 2, or Level 3 measurements within the fair value hierarchy. Level 1 securities include debt securities traded on a national
exchange. The fair value measurement of a Level 1 security is based on the quoted price of the security. Level 2 securities include U.S.
government and agency securities, obligations of states and political subdivisions, corporate debt securities, and mortgage related securities.
The fair value measurement of a Level 2 security is obtained from an independent pricing service and is based on recent sales of similar
securities and other observable market data. Level 3 securities include church bonds that are not traded in a market. The fair value measurements
of Level 3 securities are determined by management. Fair values are calculated using discounted cash flow models that incorporate various
assumptions, including expected cash flows and market credit spreads. When comparable sales are available, these are used to validate
the models used. Other available industry data, such as information regarding defaults and deferrals, are incorporated into the expected
cash flows. 

Bonds held to maturity 

Securities held to maturity are not measured at fair
value on a recurring basis. However, securities deemed other-than-temporarily impaired are measured at fair value. The fair value measurement
of such securities is obtained from an independent firm and is based on a valuation model that incorporates various assumptions market
participants would use to value the securities, such as current interest rates, estimated credit and liquidity spreads, conditional default
and loss severity rates, and available credit support. Since some of these assumptions are unobservable in the current market environment,
the fair value measurement of other-than-temporarily impaired securities held to maturity is considered a Level 3 measurement. 

Loans 

Loans are not measured at fair value on a recurring
basis. However, loans considered to be impaired (see Note 1) may be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. The fair value measurement
of an impaired loan that is collateral dependent is based on the fair value of the underlying collateral. Independent appraisals are obtained
that utilize one or more valuation methodologies - typically they will incorporate a comparable sales approach and an income approach.
Management routinely evaluates the fair value measurements of independent appraisers and adjusts those valuations based on differences
noted between actual selling prices of collateral and the most recent appraised value. Such adjustments are usually significant, which
results in a Level 3 classification. All other impaired loan measurements are based on the present value of expected future cash flows
discounted at the applicable effective interest rate and, thus, are not fair value measurements. 

F- 15 

Real estate held for sale 

Real estate and other property acquired through or
in lieu of loan foreclosure are not measured at fair value on a recurring basis. However, foreclosed assets are initially measured at
fair value (less estimated costs to sell) when they are acquired and may also be measured at fair value (less estimated costs to sell)
if they become subsequently impaired. The fair value measurement for each asset may be obtained from an independent appraiser or prepared
internally. Fair value measurements obtained from independent appraisers generally utilize a market approach based on sales of comparable
assets and/or an income approach. Such measurements are usually considered Level 2 measurements. However, management routinely evaluates
fair value measurements of independent appraisers by comparing actual selling prices to the most recent appraisals. If management determines
significant adjustments should be made to the independent appraisals based on these evaluations, these measurements are considered Level
3 measurements. Fair value measurements prepared internally are based on management's comparisons to sales of comparable assets, but include
significant unobservable data and are therefore considered Level 3 measurements. 

Information regarding the fair value of assets and
liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2019 follows: 

Recurring Fair Value at December 31, 2019 
 
 Assets: 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments Level 1 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 2 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Bond portfolio available for sale 

16,055,937 
 16,055,937 

Information regarding the fair value of assets and liabilities
measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as of December 31, 2020 and 2019 follows: 

Nonrecurring Fair Value at December 31, 2020 
 
 Assets: 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments Level 1 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 2 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Bond portfolio 

4,650,372 
 4,650,372 
 
 Impaired loans 

5,004,424 
 5,004,424 
 
 Real estate held for sale 

428,996 
 428,996 

F- 16 

Nonrecurring Fair Value at December 31, 2019 
 
 Assets: 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Instruments Level 1 
 Significant Other Observable Inputs Level 2 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs Level 3 
 Total 
 
 Impaired loans 

4,557,326 
 4,557,326 
 
 Real estate held for sale 

651,398 
 651,398 

During 2020, bonds held to maturity with a carrying
value of 5,484,988 were written down to their fair value of 4,650,372 since this impairment was deemed to be other than temporary. As
a result, an impairment charge of 834,226 was included in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

During 2020, loans with a carrying amount of 6,498,421
were considered impaired and were written down to their estimated fair value of 5,004,424 by recognizing a specific valuation allowance
of 1,493,996. During 2019, loans with a carrying amount of 5,986,813 were considered impaired and were written down to their estimated
fair value of 4,557,326 by recognizing a specific valuation allowance of 1,429,487. 

Real estate held for sale is recognized at fair value,
less costs to sell. Impairment charge of 118,232 and 10,617 were recognized in earnings for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019,
respectively. 

The following presents quantitative information about nonrecurring Level
3 fair value measurements at December 31, 2020 and 2019: 

Fair Value 
 Valuation Technique 
 Significant Unobservable Inputs(s) 
 Range/Weighted 

December 31, 2020 

Bond Portfolio 
 4,650,372 
 Market or Income Approach 
 Discount to Appraised Values 
 10-20 
 
 Impaired Loans 
 5,004,424 
 Market or Income Approach 
 Discount to Appraised Values 
 10-20 
 
 Real Estate Held for Sale 
 428,996 
 Market or Income Approach 
 Discount to Appraised Values 
 10-20 

December 31, 2019 

Impaired Loans 
 4,557,326 
 Market or Income Approach 
 Discount to Appraised Values 
 10-20 
 
 Real Estate Held for Sale 
 651,398 
 Market or Income Approach 
 Discount to Appraised Values 
 10-20 

The carrying value and estimated fair values of the
Company s financial instruments are as follows: 

December 31, 2020 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Carrying Value at December 31, 2020 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 87,702 

87,702 

F- 17 

Accounts receivable 
 101,532 

101,532 
 
 Interest receivable 
 242,019 

242,019 
 
 Mortgage loans receivable 

16,605,967 
 16,605,967 
 
 Bond portfolio 

18,100,711 
 18,100,711 
 
 Line of credit 
 2,288,000 

2,288,000 
 
 Secured investor certificates 
 
 23,916,500 
 
 23,916,500 
 
 Totals 
 2,719,253 
 23,916,500 
 34,706,678 
 61,342,431 

December 31, 2019 

Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 Carrying Value at December 31, 2019 
 
 Cash and equivalents 
 191,987 

191,987 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 125,539 

125,539 
 
 Interest receivable 
 185,190 

185,190 
 
 Mortgage loans receivable 

20,717,058 
 20,717,058 
 
 Bond portfolio 

16,055,937 
 16,055,937 
 
 Line of credit 
 1,445,000 

1,445,000 
 
 Secured investor certificates 
 
 26,850,000 
 
 26,850,000 
 
 Totals 
 1,947,716 
 26,850,000 
 38,481,114 
 67,278,830 

Limitations 

The fair value of a financial instrument is the current
amount that would be exchanged between market participants, other than in a forced liquidation. Fair value is best determined based upon
quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for the Company's various financial instruments. In
cases where quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques.
Those techniques are significantly affected by the assumptions used, including the discount rate and estimates of future cash flows. Accordingly,
the fair value estimates may not be realized in an immediate settlement of the instrument. Consequently, the aggregate fair value amounts
presented may not necessarily represent the underlying fair value of the Company. 

Fair value estimates are made at a specific point
in time based on relevant market information and information about the financial instrument. These estimates do not reflect any premium
or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time the Company's entire holdings of a particular instrument. Because no
market exists for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding
future expected loss experience, current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments, and other factors.
These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters that could affect the estimates. Fair value estimates are
based on existing on balance-sheet financial instruments without attempting to estimate the value of anticipated future business. Deposits
with no stated maturities are defined as having a fair value equivalent to the amount payable on demand. This prohibits adjusting fair
value derived from retaining those deposits for an expected future period of time. This component, commonly referred to as a deposit 

F- 18 

base
intangible, is neither considered in the above amounts nor is it recorded as an intangible asset on the balance sheet. In addition, the
tax ramifications related to the realization of the unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates
and have not been considered in the estimates. 

4. MORTGAGE LOANS RECEIVABLE AND BOND PORTFOLIO 

At December 31, 2020, the Company had mortgage loans
receivable totaling 18,298,779. The loans bear interest ranging from 0 to 10.25 with a weighted average of approximately 7.68 at December
31, 2020. At December 31, 2019, the Company had mortgage loans receivable totaling 22,425,178. The loans bear interest ranging from 0 
to 10.25 with a weighted average of approximately 7.86 at December 31, 2019. 

The Company has a portfolio of secured church bonds
at December 31, 2020 and 2019, which are carried at amortized cost. The bonds pay either semi-annual or quarterly interest ranging from
3.50 to 9.75 . The aggregate par value of secured church bonds equaled 18,934,937 at December 31, 2020 with a weighted average interest
rate of 6.70 and 16,713,937 at December 31, 2019 with a weighted average interest rate of 6.43 . These bonds are due at various maturity
dates through February 2047. The Company has recorded an aggregate other than temporary impairment of 834,226 and 658,000 for the years
ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively primarily for the First Mortgage Bonds issued by Agape Assembly Baptist Church and Soul
Reapers Worship Center. These bond series in the aggregate constitute approximately 10.17 and 6.13 of the bond portfolio at December
31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The Company had maturities and redemptions of bonds of approximately 251,000 and 1,137,000 for the
years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

The contractual
maturity schedule for mortgage loans receivable and the bond portfolio as of December 31, 2020, is as follows: 

Mortgage Loans 
 Bond Portfolio 

2021 
 825,073 
 283,000 
 
 2022 
 1,060,158 
 144,000 
 
 2023 
 735,480 
 275,000 
 
 2024 
 1,735,211 
 471,000 
 
 2025 
 1,258,901 
 261,000 
 
 Thereafter 
 12,683,956 
 17,630,937 

18,298,779 
 18,934,937 
 
 Less loan loss and other than temporary impairment on bonds allowance 
 (1,493,996) 
 (834,226) 
 
 Less deferred origination fees 
 (198,816 
 ___-____ 
 
 Totals 
 16,605,967 
 18,100,711 

F- 19 

The Company currently owns 529,000 First
Mortgage Bonds and 497,000 Second Mortgage Bonds issued by Agape Assembly Baptist Church located in Orlando, Florida. The total
principal amount of First Mortgage Bonds issued by Agape is 7,200,000, and the total principal amount of Second Mortgage Bonds
issued is 715,000. Agape defaulted on its payment obligations to bondholders in September 2010. The church subsequently commenced a
Chapter 11 bankruptcy reorganization proceeding regarding the property that secures the First Mortgage Bonds in December 2010. In
October 2014, the bondholders of Agape agreed to a modification in the terms of their bonds which resulted in the temporary
resumption of both principal and interest payments to both the first and second mortgage bond holders. Both the First Mortgage Bonds
and Second Mortgage Bonds were modified to a fully amortized fixed rate, quarterly interest payment of 6.25 with a new maturity
date of September 2037 for all the issued and outstanding bonds. The Company, along with all other bondholders, has a superior lien
over all other creditors. The Church subsequently defaulted on their modification agreement in 2016 and no interest payments were
made to bondholders during the year ended December 31, 2020. However, the trustee made a distribution to bondholders during 2017 of
 18.54 per 1,000 bond as a repayment of principal only, effectively reducing the outstanding balance of each 1,000 bond to
approximately 826. The trustee again initiated foreclosure action against the Church and prevailed in its pursuit to foreclose on
the Church s property on November 1, 2019. However, on the eve of the foreclosure sale, the Church again filed for bankruptcy
protection. In October 2020, bondholders were asked by the trustee to accept or reject a plan of reorganization. The trustee is
recommending bondholders accept the reorganization plan. The Company accepted the reorganization plan. Acceptance of the plan by
bondholders could result in a return of approximately 67 of the original principal investment outstanding. The reorganization plan
has been accepted by a majority of the bondholders. However, the trustee has not finalized the plan as of December 31, 2020. 

The Company currently owns 900,000 First Mortgage
Bonds issued by Soul Reapers Worship Center International located in Raleigh, North Carolina. The total principal amount of First Mortgage
Bonds issued by Soul Reapers is 1,920,000. The Church has failed to make payments as required under the terms of the Trust Indenture.
As a Bondholder, the Company expected to receive interest and principal payment(s) on time and according to the terms of the Bonds. The
Company has not received any quarterly interest payments from the issuer for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

The Company did restructure one loan during the year
ended December 31, 2020 and none for the year ended December 31, 2019, respectively. A summary of loans restructured or modified as of
December 31, 2020 and 2019 are shown below. All of the loans shown, except one, are currently performing under the terms of the modifications
for their mortgage obligations. The non-performing loan is a second mortgage loan with a current unpaid principal balance of approximately
 45,000. This loan has been declared to be in default. 

F- 20 

December 31, 2020 

Type of Loan 
 Number of Loans 
 Original Principal Balance 
 Original Average Interest Rate 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
 Modified Average Interest Rate 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 7 
 4,696,544 
 8.193 
 3,523,123 
 6.059 

December 31, 2019 

Type of Loan 
 Number of Loans 
 Original Principal Balance 
 Original Average Interest Rate 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 
 Modified Average Interest Rate 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 6 
 4,100,544 
 7.892 
 3,185,720 
 5.58 

5. SECURED INVESTOR CERTIFICATES 

Secured investor certificates are collateralized by
certain mortgage loans receivable or secured church bonds of approximately the same value as the certificates. The weighted average interest
rate on the certificates was 6.19 and 6.33 for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Holders of the secured investor
certificates may renew certificates at the current rates and terms upon maturity at the Company s discretion. Renewals upon maturity
are considered neither proceeds from nor issuance of secured investor certificates. Renewals totaled approximately 1,007,000 and 793,000
for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The secured investor certificates have certain financial and non-financial
covenants identified in the respective series trust indentures. 

The estimated maturity schedule for the secured investor
certificates at December 31, 2020 is as follows: 

2021 
 2,168,000 

2022 
 1,042,000 

2023 
 3,404,000 

2024 
 1,396,000 

2025 
 1,093,000 

Thereafter 
 14,813,500 

23,916,500 

Less deferred offering costs 
 (769,178) 

Totals 
 23,146,782 

The Company s current certificate offering terminated
November 6, 2020. As a result, no new secured investor certificates are not being offered and instead the Company is financing loan requests
and liquidity needs through loan and bond payments received and its line of credit. 

F- 21 

6. TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES 

The Company has an Advisory Agreement with Church
Loan Advisors, Inc. (the Advisor ). The Advisor is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the Company and provides
office space and administrative services. The Advisor and the Company are related through common management. For its services, the Advisor
is entitled to receive a management fee equal to 1.25 annually of the Company's Average Invested Assets, plus one-half of any origination
fee charged to borrowers on mortgage loans made by the Company. A majority of the independent board members approve the Advisory Agreement
on an annual basis. The Company paid the Advisor management and origination fees of approximately 284,000 and 323,000 for years ended
December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. 

7. LINE OF CREDIT 

 On April 9, 2018, the Company entered into a Loan
and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Alerus Financial, N.A., as lender (the Lender ), and a Revolving
Note (the Note evidencing a 4,000,000 revolving loan (the Revolving Loan ). The Lender agrees to make loans
to the Company from time to time and after the date of the loan agreement and the Company may repay and re-borrow pursuant to the terms
and conditions of the Revolving Loan as long as no borrowing causes that dollar limit to be exceeded and the Company is not otherwise
in default on the Revolving Loan. The Revolving Loan is secured by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the Company s
assets other than collateral pledged to secure the Company s secured investor certificates, both those currently issued and any
potentially issued in the future. The Company borrowed against the line of credit and has an outstanding balance of 2,288,000 and 1,145,000
for the years December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The interest rate on the Note is the prevailing London Interbank Offering Rate
(LIBOR) plus 2.70 . On January 20, 2021, the revolving loan was extended through January 19, 2022. 

8. INCOME TAXES 

As discussed in Note 1, a REIT is subject to taxation
to the extent that taxable income exceeds dividend distributions to shareholders. In order to maintain status as a REIT, the Company is
required to distribute at least 90 of its taxable income. In 2020, the Company had pretax loss of (125,859) and distributions to shareholders
in the form of dividends during the tax year of 134,176. In 2019, the Company had pretax income of 57,786 and distributions to shareholders
in the form of dividends during the tax year of 486,562. The Company paid out 100 of taxable income in dividends in 2020 and 2019. 

The Company has federal and Minnesota net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately 2,600,000. The federal losses start to expire in 2034 and the Minnesota losses start to expire in
2029. The carrying amounts of some assets differ for tax basis than book basis. At December 31, 2020 and 2019, the cumulative tax basis
in the Company s assets and liabilities exceeded book basis by approximately 1,934,000 and 1,960,000, respectively. The Company
has no deferred tax assets or liabilities on its balance sheet. 

F- 22 

<EX-101.INS>
 2
 acmc-20201231.xml
 XBRL INSTANCE FILE

</EX-101.INS>

<EX-101.PRE>
 3
 acmc-20201231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 acmc-20201231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 acmc-20201231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 acmc-20201231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 acmc-20201231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 exhibit231.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTEREDD PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation within the Form 10-K
dated March 31, 2021 of our report dated March 31, 2021 of our audit of the financial statements of American Church Mortgage Company as
of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American Church Mortgage Company,
for the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Wipfli LLP 

Minneapolis, Minnesota 

 March 31, 2021 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311.htm
 CERTIFICATION CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Philip J. Myers, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for American Church Mortgage Company. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-5(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Dated: March
31, 2021 

By: /s/ Philip J. Myers

Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312.htm
 CERTIFICATION CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Scott J. Marquis, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for American Church Mortgage Company. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to
state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of and for,
the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-5(e) and 15d-15 (e)) and internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board
of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Dated: March
31, 2021 

By: /s/ Scott J. Marquis

Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial and Accounting
Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18U.S.C.SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of American Church Mortgage Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date
indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2021 
 By: /s/ Philip J. Myers 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322.htm
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18U.S.C.SECTION 1350

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of American Church Mortgage Company (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2020 as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date
indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, that: 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition
and results of operation of the Company. 

Dated: March 31, 2021 
 By: /s/ Scott J. Marquis 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

